Sudeep, did she invite him though? No right? Why are you getting worded up? You're okay with Parvesh Verma cause he speaks against Muslims but against an idiot like Imam because he called for chakka jam?
@discerningmumin Islam has never been a resistance to oppression. It has always been source of oppression to both believers and non believer
Boy, your comment about Journalists wanting to keep churches closed is beneath you. As a Christian woman and human being your bosses filth is brushing off on you. Not at all unbiased and a down right lie. SHAME ON YOU.
@ShashiTharoor @INCIndia Hindus were and are getting killed by Muslims terriorists in Kashmir. Congress mukt bharat will certainly happen if congressmen like you don’t change their idealogies and keep sounding like idiots. You actually don’t need enemies.
White supremicists? How many do you know? There a few idiots in all races. Where is anti-semitism coming from? Dems, BLM, Antifa, Muslims. You won’t appease them by throwing white supremacy. They hate you &amp; want to destroy Israel &amp; all Jews &amp; you know it.
Urban naxal and a jihadi TT gang put together..wen more than 95% ot the population are happy to be united as one nation inspite of their diversity...who the F are u to preach otherwise..ur just a petty muslim activist...or should i say ground operative for Islamic Terrorism
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs So what is to blame for the more than 100 Islamist terrorists organizations? The Book of Mormon?
It's not bjp, it's about you guys always support bad Muslims which makes you bad too, stop supporting those idiots..Hindus never do that..!!
@PetaIndia @peta IDIOTS, Rakshabandhan is a Hindu festival, and Hindus by their nature protect COWS! If you have guts put same poster and Tweet, for any Muslim festival! Now shut the f..k up and get lost
But I think junk that u r born through Halala pl check Ur DNA bcz u people marry Ur chacheri mamaeri phuphurei sister how can u mentain this is ur actual face &amp; lastly the result is HALALAA . Abdul am I right HV u guts to say anything about Islamic Terrorism no bcz they r Ur com
@SecPompeo We did not say "Let's make the white palace a mosque", "Let's open Hagia Sophia for the worship of the Muslims". +++ we didn't ask you, pompeo. Or against your will understand that the old Turkey, or we (like an idiot teaches) will teach.
What has happened to NYC.. it is not a Muslim stronghold. Have you forgotten 9-11 And who attacked u.s. idiot bush and the muslim Obama nation
The Muslim Brotherhood President of Egypt was removed in 2013 by Obama... You guys are idiots.
To RESTRICT Jihadis-Terrorists CONSPIRING Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity&gt; their r RAKSHAK Hindus-Hindusthanis to PROTECT Maa Bharati BUT always backstabbed by Aalsi-Laalchi-Secular-Ignorant-Selfish HINDUS&gt;Before JIHADIS&gt;ELIMINATE them
Pence is a clear example of radical right wing hypocrisy! Not to mention support of illegal, unethical action by such a so-called Christian!
You should visit a Muslim country and see how WOKE they are, right before you're beheaded like the 2 British girl idiots who thought vacationing in Morocco was a "good idea". Don't be Blonde, err I mean stupid.
U can't accept Godse is terrorist, but still I'm hypocrite?. There is Islamic terrorism, there's Hindutva terrorism etc. It's there in every religion.U've such a 'big' brain but can't look up what's terrorism. Cause u can't accept the existence of one terrorist in ur community
Russian Hindus come out in support of @SPJ2020 who is a victim of religious persecution in Russia at the hands of an orthodox christian radical - Alexander Dvorkin. @MEAIndia @narendramodi @TOIIndiaNews @the_hindu @nytimes @Newsweek @RT_com @ZeeNewsHindi , article in @rusplt
Both countries facing Islamic terrorism.israel helped us many times during war.china PLA also torturing Hong kongers .can u say against China
Muslims who act like Erdogan can never do anything wrong are disgusting. Think of your Kurdish brothers and sisters you idiots.
@Ammaawah @jm111t All you are doing with your verses is proving sexism in Islam.
@donnabrazile you need to really get right with God and stop lying, be the true Christian woman you have so often espoused and tell the truth... NOTHING IS WORTH LOSING YOUR SOUL OVER DONNA... WALK AWAY ... you will be protected ...
Oh look the idiot doesn’t want to miss the opportunity to virtue signal and call for justice.... it’s already happening Illham, not because you called for it either, but because it’s right. What you want it a public lynching or stoning like in Muslim countries... NO
#AskAfridi Why Allah is gay? why prophet cuted the own penis? Why all Muslim are idiots? Why all muslim are brainless? Why Islam is religion of Terriosm? Why you are biggest chutiya on earth? Why pakistan is a terriost nation? Why pakistan is son of India?
Is this your humanity that you call it so called Jihad ? According to it if you die as terrorist you will go to jannat . Abbe chutiye ho kya be .
@yuskan0723 Here is what the scumbag Muslims do with children.  And then they use them for propaganda. http://t.co/JG5MeWh1ur
@LifeInKhilafah Sharia - taking injustice to new heights.  #Islam http://t.co/mnN6nnR8zL
Look at how the Democrats support their cultural sites, but never say a word when I'm a weekly basis a Church is bombed, Christians are tortured, all in the name of Islam. Wake up Democrats, Radical Islam is going to eat you alive if you let it. #Hypocrisy
Like all of the protesters of anti CAA who are first order idiots, who does not understand it has got nothing to do with Indian Muslims, you too are an addition to that idiots list. Stupidity peaks when kudrati biryani is served in pandals.
Republicans are getting more "radical right" in their support of impeached Trump, as Christian groups start to call for President's removal.
He is idiot but still I support him you go and do whatever you can. Manipulation and propaganda is done by Muslims. Pseudo secular card victim card played by muslim. This is the reason for your hatred we know. Problems are there some legacy issues there will sort out.
Let me tell u a hard truth: You Kashmiris have killed so much of our soldiers and innocent people (including Kashmiri Pandits) that you have sympathy from general public and today no one gives a fcuk about you people, who support Islamic terrorism..
Uighur Muslims in China are being led onto trains headed to concentration camps to have their organs harvested while idiots in this country are tearing down statues looting rioting and beating up civilians bc of you know “OpPreSSiOn”
Try not defending the racist idiot then, you were the one talking about Muslim grooming gangs, not me!
@AMohedin Okay. So we agree that the Taliban and ISIS and Saudis are implementing 33:33.
U have destroyed your life. Welcome to the world of Islamic Terrorism.
YOU DUMBASS IDIOTS YOU DONT HAVE THE RIGHT TO TELL ME HOW I FEEL ABOUT THIS ... ITS MY RELIGION AND I FOUND THAT SO DISRESPECTFUL FOR US MUSLIMS .. I HAVE THE RIGHT TO FEEL THAT WAY SO STFU
you idiots of Minneapolis, Muslims have you muffled! I’ll die before I celebrate anything muslim, enjoy your new fakeass religion!
THE ABC'S OF ISLAMS MUSLIMS= FIGHTERS,WAR MONGERS, DISCUSTING & DISTRUCTIVE= ISIS. ABC'S IF U PUT ALL THE WAR MONGERING PASSAGES TOGETHER IN THE QURAN U COME UP WITH ALLAHS PERFECT MUSLIM AND THAT WOULD BE THE TERRORIST. ISIS R ONLY 1 SUCH ALLAH ARMY, TALIBAN, HAMAS, HEZBOALLAH
I don’t think you have read the Quran but only cherry picking quotes probably given to you by sites or other people. The Quran permits killing terrorists in self defence. You can interpret quotes to suit any argument which is what ISIS and you are doing
Great news! Kristina Lyke is an honest, hard working, intelligent, Christian woman who believes ALL human life is precious and that our American Constitution and Bill of Rights is to be defended. She is "For the People" of MI-08. #MIlikeLyke
U r talking of 1948, u don't know what world is facing by Islamic terrorism, u need to study a lot, u r totally wrong, trust me totally
@officialuarh @sunniqaziboard you can see the mentality of idiots I want to see him jail rascal basterd.he is offering to kill muslim
You're not going to get the response you're looking for. Give up. @PeerWorker
You don’t have to be radical to not support Trump,it’s very simple to see through his B.S. I’m just a regular guy,I can see he’s a snake;not sure how you,an ultra-Christian you tout yourself to be,fall for his shtick.
Don't you have enough so called human rights violation of #Pakistan to poke into? Alas! wish you commented rather on today's christian woman dragging into forced conversion to Islam in Pakistan. Appalling how can you force into a religion? sick mindset. Leave us alone, please!
I am a straight Christian woman and I've boycotted Chick-Fil-A for many years because of their support for anti-LGBTQ policies and Alt Right politicians and PACS. Every single person has a duty to take a stand. Mine is small and probably insignificant but it makes me feel good.
Lastly, I have news for idiots who compare Modi with right wing populists elsewhere. Modi is uniquely despicable. He oversaw a massacre of a minority community and was elected to "teach Muslims a lesson". Shame on you and only you. There are no equivalents for Modi.
Bearing false witness is not a good look for a nice Christian woman like yourself. You need to get right with the Lord, Sarah. Repent . Now. The end times draw nigh.
And what about all the times these RW idiots call Muslims Pigs, Jihadis, Terrorists, and what not on an everyday basis? Just check SM and you'll see hashtags trending with such words.
U r forgetting that a Bharati can say what he likes about #MuslimVirus Era of islamic terrorism is coming to an end
"You don't look like a Muslim" is actually an insult. It seem like a statement without I'll intentions but it's not. Why don't I look like a muslim? Cause I dress nicely or speak well? Tell me how a 26 years old Muslim man ought to look.. Idiot ni e.
#FATF The terrorist nation of Pakistan has started recruiting kids to wage jihad against India. It is high time that #FATFshouldBlacklistPakistan to save the world and save humanity. @FATFNews @UN #FATF #Fatfblacklist
Roles are reversed? Just go to any number of Muslim countries and you can see it first hand. Idiots
"A southern Christian woman with a Cajun backgrund" that apparently cares more about the feeling of a mob then what is right. Amazing.
You are daft! Jonathan as a southern Christian respected federal character hence his appointment of Muslim northerners to head EFCC and Inec so as to balance up! Same was expected from the idiot hiding in Aso rock!
Thank You @KapilMishra_IND for uniting all Hindus from the world on a platform against Islamic terrorism in Kashmir. U did really a great job, Hinduism should ever loanee of you for your kind act. #HinduUnitedAgainstTerror
But when it was to show support for the coza rapist, they quickly ironed their suit and went to climb stage in solidarity. You don't want to even imagine the outrage if a radical Christian group kidnapped and killed a Muslim cleric. The sun will stand still that day.
@RTErdogan what an Muslim piece of shit you are... Try to put yourself together on the shitty economy status of your fuckin' state and then try to provoke all the others around you. You asshole. Fuckin' idiot.
Prophet Muhammad(saw) jihad was to serve humanity with love, kindness and peace and terrorists jihad is to kill &amp; maim innocent people.
Because they like killing, by taking inspiration from that Quran, so if not others, then Muslims..well they like to kill yazidis, n make Yazidi girls as sex slaves..n there r many terrorists in Pakistan also, who don't belong to ISIS may be, how? e.g., Hafiz Saeed
Bcoz #Jihadi_Virus is Million times more DANGEROUS to Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity than #Corona_Virus #Jihad_Jihadi_Mukt_Bharat is MUST for Hindus-Hindusthanis-Hindutva to SURVIVE Converted HINDUS hv now bcam Muslim-Jihadis-Rapists-Looters-Terrorists due to #Jihad_Virus
RT @clarionproject: #Egypt court to hear case to designate #Turkey a state sponsor of terror http://t.co/1aQ8uJfshw http://t.co/kZwzyMUgOu
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime There was no golden age.  Jews were regularly slaughter by Muslims in pogroms.
Now imagine what would happen to you if that Muslim controlled got a hold of you. Idiot Trump is trying to keep them and sharia law out of here
U can't said terrorists as terrorists because u r a Islamic channel, and we can't take u seriously. We khow u never said against islamic terrorism.
@ashutosh83B kalu is silent over his mom's false case @sardesairajdeep @sagarikaghose these idiots will not talk about tolerance now @deespeak @Shehla_Rashid @VishalDadlani vultures came out when it is an issue about muslims @sambitswaraj : nice to see you in this battle
Only a propagandist or an idiot can believe there is apartheid in India. Ih and f*** you Bernie and co for spreading islamist-communist BS propaganda about India. How dare you erase the deaths, injuries and losses of Hindus in the Delhi riots by calling it solely anti-muslim..
@CamilleHughes16 @_Watch_Observe_ Nobody cares.  The law protects women.  Mohammed's phony laws abuse women. #Islam
@mutaSawwif No, it's obvious that who is the target of the weapon that is the issue. Killing terrorists with any kind of weapon is good.
You have the right to say anything you like, and I have the right as a Christian woman to tell you to take that Cross off, it clearly means nothing to you...absolute filth.
Jay, you support a Democrat Party that persecute Christians/Jews &amp; aligns with radical Islam. Jesus Christ would liken the Democrat Party to the Pharisees (brood of vipers).Worry about the log in your eye,rather than the speck in mine, as I’m supporting 45 who protects Christians
Don't know where you heard that lie. Trump is THE most respected president around the world. He is helping to free the world from the deep state's grip. &amp; you're an idiot if you think Obama is respected. Obama bowed down to Muslims. He's not respected, he's a laughing stock!
You are bunch of idiots. Your pouring kerosene on your heads and just waiting for some one to light it up. Good Luck! In my opinion, there should be no such ministry. Ministry of minorities has one representative, that is a Muslim. If that is the case, change the name.
Sadly, CT has gone over to the radical left. It has become a vessel for the Democrat Party. The alleged Christian has joined ranks with those who support killing babies; those who believe that Jesus was just another jew; those who cannot even say Merry Christmas. A sad day 4 CT.
they usually are when you start arguing with logic. funny i critisize islam and muslims everyday i get hate from them then i critisize israel and other places and get hate from them too. after a while u get used to idiots from both sides.
@stevecorrales80 @IronmanL1 @IAmThe1Teacher Another guilt feeling fool.  Islam attacked and conquered 2/3 of Christianity before crusades.
@teddyboylocsin @tweetybird2009 @PatVPeters Mohammed had a child bride.  ISIS marries off children.
When will he start saying “radical Christians” about those nuts who support him.
@depressedfuck1 @CompoundMixture @CruisingBye I read the Quran. It is a hate mongering piece of filth. http://t.co/4j6z8JnH5j
Are you joking, we left with nothing you guys suck every possible thing which is possible at a time, and before British it's religious war but you make religious politics and killed millions of division and the biggest is Hindu Muslim that still going on bcoz we're idiots forever
@MTP I'm not hearing any Muslim countries say the pandemic is Gods will, I am hearing a nut job in America with Wisconsin Cheese hat on TV saying its Gods will. Jesus are you listening to these idiots?
She’s using her seat for the Muslim Brotherhood agenda not for America. You people don’t get it at all. Blind and completely idiots.
Idiot media did " mujra" with government for unwanted issue like Hindu Muslim and Hindustan Pakistan . Now you killed laborer before killing of corona ,you help to destroy economy with government .Now you are taking about hospital doctors equipment . idiot media never asked for
I m talking about India & injustice and dictatorship going on there ... escalating since a decade + Pakistan is not a problem for me... they seem to go through a positive issue on human rights &amp; Peace policy... We have seen their goodwill with AsiaBibi, christian woman's case !
You pandering idiot. it’s not a Muslim ban! It doesn’t ban anyone based on religion. It bans those that refuse to adhere to our foreign policy laws and agreements. How can your followers be so ignorant as to not read the actual order???
No you idiot it’s nothing to do with religion even if it did muslim men are less likely to rape as their religion forbids it. This is a result of men being men
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri And most Muslims are actually better behaved than their religion leads them to be.
I’ve asked around and other Muslims haven’t even heard of this nonsense before. Are you Muslim or you just an idiot?
Jihad is the CORRECT Word. Islamic terrorists world over use the same word for their atrocities against humanity. If you want, ask your ummah brotherhood to stop using that word first. @MichaelVaughan
@harmlesstree2 And we would all be worshiping the god of terrorism.
Talk to @edwardmalnick about 2 issues: 1.Religion isn't the only cause behind #extremism but Muslim leaders should do more to tackle #ISIS idealogy:"Extremists using passages from the Quran, albeit a distorted interpretation of those passages, to turn people into terrorists" 1/2
@jennifersaraw @ummahwitness And no doubt your friend was every place where ISIS could have been murdering children.
Now radical Islamic terrorism will not allowed here it is not like before,majority people very awared how to defend themselves so they will.GOI definitely will identify all antinationals no one will spare,for every anti India action there will be reaction so u need to face it
Doesn't matter that he belongs to the radical evangelical christian group and is Anti-LGBTQ. And because you eat at Chick-fil-A doesn't mean you support Anti-LGBTQ organizations or their view points. She went as far as to tell me to change stations if I want to. So she really
#ABORTION IS MURDER -- ITS NO ONES RIGHT TO MURDER ANOTHER HUMAN BEING! AS A CHRISTIAN WOMAN I WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND HOW ANY WOMAN WILL FACE GOD KNOWING SHE MURDERED HER OWN CHILD/CHILDREN? #WalkAwayFromDemocratSocialists #WalkAwayFromDemocratSocialists
@JoRitson Is this your way of saying that you approve of Muslim men raping children, scumbag? Ignore the problem and create a distraction?
And you people says thats rss have killed #tabrezansari then day before yesterday 110 Muslims i mean Islamic terrorist killed 3 hindu sadus because they where hindus seriously it that was humanity no thats was inhumanity that was jihad that was what prophet Mohammed teach's you
H.Muhammad (S.A.w.)said - To kill a single innocent human is a murder of entire humanity . Suddenly attack on our soldiers and kill them is not Jihad and the people who are doing this are not muslim. They are bloody TERRORISTS.
"Women for Trump" I love whenever I'm asked "how can a Christian woman support Trump?" First, I like to put things in perspective. I *am* Christian and Democrats believe in killing babies for convenience, so that's a no go right there. But that's just the beginning...
It's either a lot of you Pan Africanists don't have sense or you are just deliberately disingenuous. You try too hard to diss the "white devils". Can you compare the freedom that people have in America to let's say a Muslim majority country? Who are you idiots?
From left to right: Woman from Malesia, Christian woman, Muslim woman. [credit: osman hamdi bey]
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm You fucking moron, slavery is approved right in the Quran. Read it you stupid idiot.
Those Aussie made their choice to join ISIS and commit terrorist attack on innocent civilians for a religion and political ideology. Quran 2:191-193 https://quran.com/2/191-193 Why should we risk the safety of Australian living in Australia for those terrorist.
High time for Baluch ppl to stand up and fight for right...what u ppl r facing is ethnic cleansing ...its also islamic terrorism by porki army and their puppet
Trump holding the bible is like ISIS holding the Quran. Both are terrorists that use holy books for political agenda. Fucking disgusting.
The one-state solution won't influence the historical and religious link to the Holy Land. Rather, it affirms that the Holy Land has an equal Islamic and Christian status. Support for one state is hardly a radical proposal.
You might want to check his dp. He’s black by the looks of it. Iqbal is a Muslim name. Not linked to any race. Idiot.
Islam considers women as one big sex organ, so no part of her can be exposed.  This is a reflection of the perversion of their prophet.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Yes, Jews are tired of being murdered by Muslims. So what?
Who ask you to tweet against Islam?? Or its you who gave lisence who is right or wrong?? I am just asking you are targeting Hindus because some idiots are laughing ..why didn't you tweet when Redical Islamists were laughing on death of Indians ..why don't you blame all Muslims
@BilalIGhumman @98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 A typical Muslim response is to excuse Muslim barbarity by pointing elsewhere.
A false profit that says the right things. But okay with children locked in cages, and some molested. A true Christian woman
That's a contradiction in your faith and your leaders which frankly is how your maseeh has changed his views throughout his life. You change color like chameleons. Tomorrow when you are recognized as Muslims by some idiot, you will bring up the "proof" I posted.U can't be trusted
RT @RavenHUWolf: #Austin #Texas Muslims assumed a bomb threat was from an anti-Muslim infidel targeting them. http://t.co/tkeRXGyq0c http:/…
If you have zero tolerance for racism and xenophobia then you wouldn't be pro Trump you absolute idiot. Trump got in on the back of a campaign than openly targetted Mexicans and Muslims.
You gave more buildup than the sweeden government idiot!u behave like an all-rounder seeing your reach, only God knows how many more fake news u put into their brains,or he many times u used Hindu muslim cow even when there is no need, just to spread hate
So you’ve not joined in with this dude who’s implied that Palestine, as it’s known today as a Muslim entity, existed in this form before Israel? You’re not joining in with the 10.3k idiots that have liked this completely misleading post?
Dr #TuQ said My Jihad is to bring the terrorists back to Humanity! #Islam
What happened to Balkans idiot? Two at least countries with the Majority Muslim population (Albania, Boznia Ezergovina). How many christian countries you can count in the Middle East or how much big Christian minority is in Anatolia?
Not Republicans but don’t tell me their beliefs don’t align with Trumps. He is the “government is terrible”, “deep state”, “knock the crap out of them”, “Obama is a Kenyan/Muslim” guy. Pitiful Marco, sorry, Little Marco. We warned you he was a danger to our Republic! Idiot!
As a proud Christian, I don’t support “in God we trust” plastered over all governmental buildings, currencies and flags. But whatever. Call me a rAdicAl HeReTic
@congressman_aly No, the Muslims worldwide are the problem. Israel is protecting itself against the same Muslim persecution that is global.
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins The later verses abrogated the earlier verses and what remains is violent and imperialist.
@henrygayle -Dear Gayl, thousands Pakistanis like ,love u as good human,social icon a best cricketer in the World. All Muslim love prophet's friend Bilal who was black African Muslim.Through your shit over stupid,idiot players, calling you with bad name. Dr.Malik Canada
I’m not Muslim but meat being halal has no detrimental impact to anyone. It doesn’t taste different. It makes no difference to the consumer unless you’re Muslim or of course a racist. Lmao islamaphobes think as soon as they eat halal they’re gona start reciting the Quran. Idiots.
BACKLASH from its original #CHRISTIAN_FAMILY and #PRO_LIFE support base forces #CHIK_FIL_A to reverse caving in to #ANTI_CHRISTIAN, #PRO_ABORTION and #LGBT groups. Expect strong reaction from #RADICAL_LEFT.
Wat happened 2 American aid workers in ISIS held territory? 4 Islamic terrorists display of humanity is a window of opportunity 2 wage jihad
Al-Taqiya JIHADI is playing Religious-Distraction-Jihad to provide cover (shelter) to Muslim-Jihadis-Rapists-Looters-Terrorists conspiring Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity for next HINDU Genocides Partition Ethnic Cleansing #Jaago_HIND
@DaveBautista This is happening right now why don’t you say something about this idiot you and the rest of the morons in Hollywood? Right this very second Muslims are kidnapping and selling black men and women into slavery!!!!!!
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets The Hadith about the Arabian Penninsula is why Muslims will not rest till they destroy Israel.
So Israelis, Indians and other western world be silent on violence. There terms something called as Equality, Humanity... Not Jihad, Dar Ul salm, Caliphate. Terrorists deserve to die simple
All those people are terrorists who are against injustice in India ..I haven’t heard about Islamic terrorism..because it’s people like u who do crimes and then blame Muslims..but I must say rss terrorism is the worst ever terror group..
Sad that my 1st reaction (I am a white Christian woman!) was I bet they claim to be Christians, went to private school and their friends/family (being from the south) will say they are from “good Christian families” so disappointed in my race and religion right now.
Mr.Harris, before doing this article, have u researchered about the subject.Islamic Terrorism prevails in nearly 60-70% of the world.Why..? Did Hindus ask them to do so or USA's 9/11 was done due to this same theorey. Now,Indians have come to conclusion, enough of it, what's wrng
So here's the clear link that the Taliban, The ISI & the ISIS are one &amp; the same. Every dastardly terrorist attack is orchestrated by Pakistan. Even during the worst epidemic, these Jihadis cannot think beyond the Quran.
I can't be bothered. We all know that nothing I present you will be accepted by you because you already agree with him. In your mind Muslims are the enemy and anyone that disagrees with Tommy is an idiot. So there's no point in me dragging out his propaganda just to show you.
How does it matter what happened in 1453?? Do you want to change today's world by standards of medieval age. Do you want same thing to be done in the places where Muslims are minority? When will it stop. Who decides this cutoff date? I am sick and tired of these right wing idiots
@recoveringlibrl Free them to do what? Cut off the heads of gays? Honor killings? Child marriage? Exterminate Jews? Throw ppl off buildings?
@hibach8 But it is a lie.  The religion is a disgusting, terrorist, hate mongering piece of filth.  That has nothing to do with individuals.
pandering is never healthy in the long run: ask 1917 Bolsheviks or even muslims. Once you cease being useful idiot, they don't need you anymore.
Brilliantly said!! So-called Christians are evil, hateful, radical, religious frauds. They've hijacked Christianity as a mask to hide their deplorable hearts &amp; minds. Evilgelicals, Baptists, Catholics etc who support the Orange Antichrist don't follow Christ's teachings. Period.
Also, FGM is not an “Islamic” problem as you claim, it is a human rights abuse. Read this white, Christian woman’s story of being mutilated by a doctor in the US:
An innocent unborn prefers Heaven to a world where Satan dwells. Thus a Christian woman has a natural right to store her treasures in Heaven rather than pass her child through fires of Moloch.
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere The Quran sanctifies sexual slavery. I only wish that you could have been one of these. http://t.co/MGAD8lCWYx
86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case. Please include in judgement that they can't appeal against the verdict in LHC.
My uncle really just had me on ft cussing and shit then gone be like look nephew ya granny right here I’m getting beat tf up by that Christian woman when I see her
What do you call an idiot who thinks that all Muslims are Arabs?
@okieatheist @EWErickson You babble like a moron while Muslims are throwing gays off buildings.
Islamic jihad is the biggest threat to humanity and to Islam itself. Indian army saved this 3 year old Muslim kid after his father was killed by Muslim terrorists. Our precious CRPF jawans were also martyred in this cowardly attack. Om Shanti #Kashmir #Sopore
"JIHADISTS RAPE, STONE CHRISTIAN WOMAN TO DEATH IN SYRIA CHRISTIAN AND HUMAN RIGHTS GROUPS REPORTED OVER THE LAST WEEK THAT THE 60-YEAR-OLD SUZAN DER KIRKOUR WAS FOUND DEAD OUTSIDE OF HER VILLAGE, AL-YAQOUBIYEH.": https://gellerreport.com/2019/07/muslims-stone-rape-christian.html/?utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #MAGA2020
Yes you are because it written in your holly book to kill peple in name of islamic jihad And is also that spsyco murderer is criminal of humanity not terrorist
A Christian woman who lies, right? What a contradiction.
As a Christian woman I find this repulsive. Thank you and @DLoesch. If it weren't for you and others keeping my 2A rights, I wouldn't feel safe from sickos like this.
I don't say it--being a good Christian woman--but you go right on ahead. It will make you feel better!
You are short sighted and I am more kind than you calling people idiots for disagreeing.. So you are saying the only slaves today are the one working for the muslims? Investigate how they make your clothes ,your chocolate etc. British empire was/is still the worst.
Are you talking about The Spanish Inquisition? You idiots make me laugh. You should ask yourself why that happened. At least the Muslims were afforded the decency of leaving .... they did not kill them even though they deserved it after they invaded and occupied for 700 yrs!!!
I’m sorry is that a fact or a rumor. Because your spreading it like it’s a fact. Yet I’ve seen no proof. Oh that’s right you guys shoot then aim. Facts don’t matter if you repeat a lie enough like the bleach vaccine. You only need some idiot to believe it. Like Obama is a Muslim
Of Course ISIS &amp; all terrorist org r not advocates of Islam, they r misinterpreting it to suit their Masters Political interest..They have nothing to do with teachings of Islam. Show me where it's written in Quran to kill any human unjustly, infact ISIS killed 98% Muslims only
#ArnabExposesSonia #Secular_Terrorists_Killed_Sadhus #ISupportArnavGoswami #ISupportArnab #WeSupportArnab #WeSupportArnabGoswami #Congress_Mukt_Bharat #Jihadi_Jihad_Mukt_Bharat #Communists_Mukt_Bharat If Hindus-Humanity want to SURVIVE&gt; Cremate SECULARISM MINORITISM+ ASAP
Brothers who make fake account of people converting to Islam are cringe... DON'T YOU REALIZE IT'S AS EMBARASSING AS PAJEETS WHO LARP AS MUSLIM WOMEN AND WHITE GIRLS YOU IDIOTS ?
And right after that he destroyed America! Great going you bunch of idiots! He was not the first black i office,he was the first Muslim in office and he turned his back on the blacks. Why do you think be chose Biden,a dem known NOT to support blacks,for his running mate?
Yes, the CAQ amended the Quebec Charter of Rights without consensus, showing it's NOT reliable as a way to defend human rights in Canada. They have so far ONLY hurt women and ONLY Sikhs and Muslims, though one Christian woman is fighting the law too showing this law is sexist.
now do the muslim terrorist shootings around the world. you know, the ones Obama wanted to import by the truck loads. idiot.
according to the article he was also part of the racists that were harassing a Muslim woman in Stillwater a few weeks ago, the incident a bunch of you idiots said she made up.
Let me tell you, nationalistic idiot. Masjid Al-Aqsa is the issue of all Muslims not just for Palestinians.
You suggestion that we must be a muslim is priority but in already created division here the bill points will act as a match stick Now you will see kafir kafir trends on social media and then shia comming out all this mess is when State behaves as an idiot
Marathas came only during british after getting ruled by Muslims for a 1000 yrs . Also idiot most ppl here in Pakistan belong to this land not you, they r here since 1000s of yrs, they just embraced islam so the land ownership doesn't change with chnage of religion
Omar, you idiot! THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A MUSLIM BAN! However, I now think there should be.
@greenlinerzjm What is the difference between what ISIS does and what the prophet Mohammed did, microbrain? #Islam
Yes I can also read write and understand Arabic & Quran that says spread Islamic terrorism that's why you create ISIS and Osama. I don't need to learn about my religion from Islamic terrorists like you. You mind your own religion &amp; don't interfere like a Terrorist into mine
U SOLD OUT PRESS FOR WAHABI ISLAMIC TERRORISM OPENLY FUNDED BY QATAR WHICH UR NGO SHARES
You idiots,anti India critical of Modiji &amp; Shahji forCAA &amp; NRC, after Congress Appeasement, Minorities benefits,have ignored Modiji's Scholarship,Computers etc knowing that anyone illegally in any country MUST be DEPORTED &amp; Muslims Citizens not affected@Amit Shah @natendramodi.
Donna Brazil is full of , she thinks she has more right to talk than anyone else. Donna is usually chin deep in da then claims she's a innocent Christian woman. Nobody believes that but Donna Brazil.
Obama also did not ever want to use the words Radical Islamic Terrorism Even thought that is what it was. Others used the term in other countries but not Obama. So, his heart was divided. He was not loyal to the U.S Founders American Values.
Well it's being stated that a few freshmen congresswomen are horsemen of the apocalypse...obama the anti christ All I know for sure is I am a Christian woman fighting for our children's rights...you know...in case "they" are wrong &amp; as many as possible are saved
Nothing can justify jihad ≠terrorists. And why don't you speak a single word what you have done with kasmiri Hindus? That where was the humanity and innocence?
Shame on them, #TablighiJamaat patients making vulgar signs, roaming nude inside hospital: Ghaziabad CMO tells police. They are the burden for this earth, &amp; they are biggest threats for humanity. Saving #Corona_Jihad terrorist is waste of time and money
RT @joe_nuzz: Graphic of growth of Radical Islam following 6 years of care,nurture,coddling by US Democrats #Islamists http://t.co/3YAx9Wpm…
Do you have one with Rotherham Telford Barrow Huddersfield Halifax Rochdale on etc etc. You know the areas where Pakistani Muslim rape gangs roam. Oh no you’re a lefty I note. Idiot
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood We don't support tyrants, Islam produces nothing but tyrants.  All the Caliphs and Sultans were tyrants.
And they tell you Arabic’s and muslims are monsters..
DO NOT ! Call yourself a Christian if you vote, stand with, or agree with those who support the murder of the unborn. YOU put your soul in jeprody if you do so! Pelosi is a pro-abortion ‘Catholic’? Radical n... https://youtu.be/OOR7upmPG9I via @YouTube
The Muslim Brotherhood is using “black lives matter” to destroy western civilization. Just ask the TWO HUNDRED MILLION people they have murdered. When they are done using you BLM mindless idiots, you will be next on their list. http://www.Islam4Dummies.com/muslimbrotherhood.html
@MPHusainDalwai do you think those ppl who attends iftar party are secular but those who attend Mandir are communal. Actually everybody in @INCIndia are Pappu like @RahulGandhi Idiots you are. Notorious Congress are traitor.And you Mr when Muslim attends Mosque No problem. Idiot
RT @Juliet777777: AUSTRALIA: Lebanese Muslim husband 12-year-old pregnant wife arrested  sexual abuse http://t.co/SVYLP1qcDP #PATRIOTS http…
@UmarMal A worshipper of the pedophile prophet has no room to call anyone a biggot, since Islam is a religion of hate and bigotry.
@shahid_siddiqui plse give any example whr jihad has been in defense. All terrorist activities r an onslaught on humanity. Dont defend them.
Why don’t we start a discussion here in 2020 were Muslims are selling black men and women as slaves and you woke idiots say nothing!!!!!
Lmao I replied to kamra not you fool, So the one who should be getting back to their shit hole is you. Tumne duniya ke saare musalmano ka theka le rakha hai kya, You jumped in my reply to kamra (not to you, not to any muslim) idiot.
Fcuk your radical !slam and jihad the boy's grandfather was k!lled by terrorists INDIAN ARMY SAVED THE BOY YOUR RELIGION IS A CURSE ON HUMANITY
Who causes these living conditions? Immigrants? Muslims? Single mothers? Asylum seekers? No it’s the wealthy elites who’ve controlled the purse strings for 100’s of years. Right wing idiots like you defend them even though you know they wouldn’t piss on you if you were on fire.
You’re the type of idiot that rather say nonsense than research for your slef Ethiopia is the only independent nation in Africa repelling nation trying to inslave it over 3 times Ethiopia is also one of if not the older orthodox and Muslim nation idk what the whole..
Johnson’s an idiot, stupid jokes and laughing while Starma asked a question about the treatment of the minority Muslims in China demeans his office. People like you bulling him up for not answering questions is quite disgusting.
@PoliticalAnt @zene55 @bq281473 @foxnewspolitics @BarackObama    There is no difference between what ISIS does and what Mohammed did.
how you think calling me a “Christian woman” is an insult WRONG. I care what my president is doing for OUR country. Heard of USMCA? Legislation right to try, prisoner reform, unemployment lowest..and you call yourself a leftist?Are these things all good. Catch up!!! #Trump2020
@Sheikh_Times3 Nice of ISIS to get them together in one place so we can take out the trash.
Christians in Nigeria face immense persecution, fearing abduction, torture, and murder by radical Islamic jihadists. Just before one pastor was killed, he boldly told the world, “Don’t worry. But thank God for everything.”Support ACLJ!
Mr. Atia, you need to correct this speech, because this idiot belongs to the Muslim Brotherhood, they are terrorists who hate the whole nation, Muslim or Christian. Al Jazeera channel a platform for terrorism in the world.
thing for islamic terrorists 3. it's a fact, you can laugh and deny all you want but that's what the policemen said and he was suspended for that case as well, but no a muslim can't get hurt because of his/her religion it's only hindus that are suffering, idoits
Ohh really!?! So Sadhvi Pragya Thakur's bomb blasting and Davinder Singh's carrying those two terrorists along towards Delhi were reaction to Islamic terrorism!?! I need no more from you, you have shown ur level that u see nothing beyong religion...
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Yes, the Muslims murdered 80 million Indians.
U live in a delusion... the difference between my perception of a person.. vs. wat is written in the accession document or the subsequent changes in the article 371 are different things. Kashmir is, was and will always be part of India. Islamic terrorism will be crushed. Jai hind
I’m in love with this conservative far right Christian woman ALREADY
Erm, do you think the nations footbal fans are dominated by veggie muslim trans people? Your in for a shock Mr Lineker. You are misreading the public mood around this quite spectacularly. U still seem to think that the BBC and Sky somehow capture the mood, they dont.
Sir, if a fake image of Kashmir can get worldwide publicity, then why not a real one. Everyone should see the real face of Islamic terrorism. U need introspection. Do good in ur life. Don't waste on shitty ideology. Get well soon.
We oppose #terrorism,in quran killing other persons is #haram and it is a unpardonable offence in islam..we condemn #ISIS and other kind of terrorism,but american army destroyed &amp; killed many peoples in african countries,does the world sealed americans as a terrorist?
her tiktok is @mommajillwallace and she’s a proud christian woman who fights for LGBTQ+ rights
Not sure ur a MSW @ALL. Any1 that cries out 2 leave his family out of it & then proceeds 2 put up his #for all 2 C ??? RUKM? U should C someone. Listen Decent Christians DONT SUPPORT RADICAL ISLAMICS THAT SUPPORT TERRORIST ORGS THAT HATE ALL AMERICANS? UR A BANDWAGON LEFT SJW
Thanks you so much to make me idiot why because of I am Muslim and I was surely known that you will ask for this thank you so much for giving me chance to explain you I have lost of proof but one of the most important proof sharing you you I hope you will get proper details and..
Yes I am. But that doesn’t give you the right to talk about my personal life. Also just because I am an abstinent Christian woman doesn’t make me a miserable human who hates on others. I love my life and am very content and happy with it.
Every one is aware of dirty mind you coward you r trying to implement the divide and rule but it will never happen you idiots the day when u do something mischievous with indian again everyone will forget whether it is hindu muslim sikh Christian they will kill you as an indian..
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 I know that the scum Mohammed engraved hatred for Jews into Islam.
This is Corona Jihad from Pak there is a reason why they have been sending Corona Patients to POK. This Rouge Nation is a Blot on Humanity when the World is Fighting Corona these Low Life are sending Corona Positive Terrorist to attack India...
Another expert idiot Here for the same thing. You hate muslims, but follow one to feel good. Ask him how many churches are burnt down in India.
What do u knw abt hindutv? 5 soldiers were martyred on 3rd may and 3 were martyred yesterday. Bz of whom our intrepid combatants were martyrd? Only ISLAMIC TERRORISM exists in world. Tell abt any country whr terrorist organisation run by hindus? Hindutv &amp; terrorism r diff notion
Evidence of what? That Muslim grooming gangs prey on majority white and sikh girls? You're a smart woman, don't act like an idiot. I understand BLM, I'm on some Martin Luther king shit, not the blame all whites and destroy our homes because a cop killed a black man?
brother he never stood for justice!your love for eskender shodowed you to see his bad deed!he is racist man who supported the burning of mesjids&amp;muslim belongings live on stream media&amp;also made petition to lable 30 milion qeerroos as terrorist!he is idiot&amp;racist man!
You idiot...You are criticising arr just because of he is muslim???Shameful lady...He is beyond the religion..People from all communities love him...Iam pure hindu...I love ARR and also APJ abdul kalam...
@congressman_aly Somewhere in the world Muslims are at war with Jews, Christians, Hindus, Buddhists, Taoists, Atheists, and anamists.
Have u raised ur voice against islamic terrorism from ur country Pakistan
Children from early age must be trained to love & care for animals especially when animals are distressed, thirsty, hungry...Muslims pelt dog with stones as clergy says Qura'n says dogs are dirtiest creatures...haha...idiot clergy: now dogs are loved while you are hated...#Canada
This is horrific slander, such wickedness! Nancy Pelosi is a Christian woman; the right doctored video to make it seem like she slurred her speech. You perpetuate this? I pray you will ask God's forgiveness for bearing false witness against your neighbor!
As if you have saved Hindu girls from being abducted champ. All that shit is happening in Pakistan. If you have balls go save them happening daily. For idiots like u all Muslims, all Sikhs n all Hindus r same. Sikhs only ally with humanity. We helped Muslims n Hindus alike always
Hey,idiot.Re-read my tweet. I said we never abuse jesus &amp; christianity.Re-read my tweets again,i said you guys are very few who are spreading hatred.Yes, She is brainwashed by some muslim or any1.I dont want to know.But see your self, you can't accept truth
Vacuous words from an ill informed idiot , why don't you far left loons put as much focus on China and their imprisonment of the Uyghur Muslims ? The way you hyper focus on Israel just says to me you are anti Semitic and don't deserve to be an MP let alone in the shadow cabinet .
Bhagavad Gita and Quran is not a textbook of instructions for you to just pick a chapter and quote. You need to read them with a guru so you get the meaning right. Muslims get structured lessons. Hindus don't, so idiots like u pick+choose &amp; quote randomly to suit your agenda.
watching all the muslims in charlotte fight stop the division guys you’re all fucking idiots
@moderncomments Liberals suddenly consider ISIS a threat.
@MaxBlumenthal @Ajzionts Has Blumenthal ever written about all the Pakistani Hindus &amp; Christians murdered by Muslims http://t.co/YlflnnFwBH
@lbc you end Farage's contract then give airtime to an idiot, Andrew (@iaindale Sunday 10.30) who associates this last week and this week's protests with Muslims and the Taliban. Get a grip and challenge.
Fake concern for dogs, these Indian news channels are idiots try protecting humans in your country first you have Muslims, Christians and dalits butchered because of pure hate!
Muslims stone you idiots to death! Wake up!
https://twitter.com/andybes50484929/status/1081138343956701185?s=19 this 100years Evil British Amalgamation that Expired in 2014, it is a Crime against Humanity, in this Planet Earth, their plans to Exterminate Us before the 100years Expired but it did not walkout,now they're Using their Fulani Jihad Terrorist to finish it
See Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians) Cheating to Win is what you fools support. They can’t win without cheating! UnAmerican!
US Senators Push Measure That Could Block Israel from Defending Itself Against Terror | CBN News CHRISTIAN AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT ISRAEL! ONLY GODLESS RADICAL DEMS THESE DEM SENATORS OPPOSE ISRAEL THEY WILL ALL SPEND ETERNITY IN HELL
It’s Friday again. Why is it so hard for terrorists to resist jihad on Jumma? It’s a day meant for peace and prayers for humanity but unfortunately terrorists all over the world are misinterpreting things in the same exact way. Point to ponder.
No honor on the “right” anymore. I am 80 yrs old, mom was a proper Conservative Christian woman. Left the “R” party during Nixon. Taught us early what evil looks like.
Oh really? Islamists like you are blinded to Islamic Jihad and are no different from ISIS terrorists It is evil Quran that divided humanity into believers and infidels
@asem_1994 Islam only talked about the freeing of slaves who were Muslims.Since Mohammed was a slave owner,it continued to today. Good night
27 Sikhs were killed in Kabul in an attack by ISIS Terrorist in Afghanistan calling them Kafirs. The sad part is in India Maulana will describe it as Anti Quran. On top of that they all oppose CAA. @Swamy39
@asem_1994 Good morning.  Here is the history of Islamic slavery. https://t.co/xWJzpSodGj
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 @brushyblues So what is god's problem that he needs your submission? Is he an egotistical jerk?
Hmm...dnt beleive ur stupid media.. muslims are enjoying all rights in india unlike how u Pakistanis treat ur minorities by denying them food and converting them..and also islamic terrorism has killed thousands.. where is HUMANITY?
#drkafeelkhan is a terrorist Sympathiser &amp; rightly deserve his place in Prison. #islamic_jihad is a bigger problem. One can find #ChineseMuslims hidden in Masjids of Bihar, Hyderabad etc. Muslims siding with #ChineseVirusCorona against humanity.
You should know that ISIS is not Islamic. They are just barbaric goons. Who are posing to be extremist Islamic nation. They are the oppressive nation of extremist idiots gone astray. Although they claim to be, but ALLAH and Muslims have nothing to do with them. We condemn ISIS
Yes, bhakt should learn because bhakts are preparing food for iftaar in the temple, but you people never try to learn but only try to preach your bigotry. If you have guts then say that muslim should see and learn. Idiots.
The current attempt is to incite the sikh population especially in India by asking them to commit terrorist acts in line with Islamic terrorism so that nobody doubts the religious reasons behind such terrorist attacks. It will serve two purpose. First anti sikh sentiment
Listen man, I don’t have to prove shit to you. All I’m saying is your idiot for demanding LBJ to speak up on every social issue just because he is very vocal on one. Muslims in China isn’t LeBron’s fight. Each fight has its own champions. LBJ does have to fight for the world lol
@TheFarahKhan Mrs Khan why r u shut Ur speeking mouth this Antinational Zamatee when they are spreading Corona why not u ask a question against this whole world occupied Islamic Terrorism &amp; the most Important questions what you HV done for Nation how much money donate 0 u r o
BC tent house. You are the biggest sponsors of the Islamic Terrorism in entire world. Don't dare to touch Indians else u will again be traveling on camel's back and drink camel's urine.
آپکو شرم آنی چاہے۔ She is non Muslim but you and all those idiots who are being accused are Muslims and we all know their character. I support @CynthiaDRitchie
@SecondLady You have a reputation as a good Christian woman. I worried that your husband is exchanging loyalty to the President for his Christian morality. If he does not stand up for honesty and transparency, he will have blood on his hands. Help him do the right thing.
Really, the ones successfully lobbying multiple State legislatures are fringe, radical Christians and not the ones with widespread support?
Idiot. He'll steamroll over you like he did Scheer and Harper. Because here's the thing. When Liberals have scandals, it's golf balls and patronage. When Conservatives have scandals it's dead little Muslim boys on beaches and marginalized groups having their rights taken away.
if you’re reading this right now I am in fact NOT a Christian woman w/ Mormon values
All I want is a decent Christian woman to raise my children right in the eyes of the Lord/the second amendment/the great state of South Pentucky.
Last time u gave gyan on Racism, hope next time u will speak on Islamic Terrorism. Bas ye mat bolna "Terrorism has no religion." Kuch naya lana
You mean they can go to a country + get free money for life, council house, NHS etc. U r the wa**er. Fit u better to have sympathy for victims in UK of Islamic terrorism, mass rapes etc. If ur family was hacked with a machete Lefty, u wouldnt b as soft as shite + thick as u r!
Abey idiot . brainwashed you or me ..not not Modi can but will vote for him as we have anti national other side. If you are worth the salt, show me a line in the article which impacts Muslims in India
@98Halima @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 You like words. They all say Islam is vile. http://t.co/z7sHiL8BDG
If u have knowledge of history of terrorism in world, then u found that origin of Islamic Terrorism given by the #ThankYouDarulUloomDBD. If u don't know them go and read ur own Islamic researchers research. Racism, Faphism, Terror Jihad, Destroy other religious, etc gvn by ur DaU
Gotta keep stringing along your idiot readers. Quick link fascism to Muslims and you got a double shot.
I am a fucking idiot I am already feral right now and I decided it would be a good idea to listen to christian woman live knowing damn well that peter moans through half of it
@RanaAyyub is a professional cry baby.Focus on Muslim who want to modernise, want to grow and progress. Your focus on ayyub or mullahs gives them power &amp; takes power away from us. Do you think Muslim women don’t feel like flying. They do. Pls help them &amp; stopnfocus on idiots
Idiot lady is just propagating lies.. Where are RSS goons? Can you identify RSS and Muslims separately in the video ?
Lol! Shhhh...They're not Christians. Pastor Kunneman, his wife, Evilgelicals, &amp; all those who support Trump the Antichrist, are Pharisees &amp; fake, radical, religious frauds. How do I know? Shhh....Read, the official guide to Christianity...THE NEW TESTAMENT! Focus on Matthew 23..
To that idiot who pointed about the non-existent quran in a 144p blurry photo, you're not even Muslim so what gives
What an idiot!! It’s convenient to call Mexicans rapists but some are good people, Muslims terrorists but some are good people. But the minute you call white folks racist but some are good people, they are offended!
Unbelievable!! As a conservative Christian woman who wears pants almost everyday to work, I'd quit and find an employer who is reasonable. BUT, not everyone can just quit. Does wearing a dress interfere with a trans person's ability to do a job? God is crying right now.
There was a case recently, when a Muslim living in a rented flat in multistoried housing society, tried to convert into a mosque. Can you imagine what would have been the consequences, had this idiot succeeded? If you were the owner of the flat, what would you do?
Because she is a persecuted Christian woman from Pakistan. He has done right.
Victim card's patent rights r reserved only for Muslims they can create bloodshed by N number of bomb blasts... google islamic terrorism in india.. U have Ato Z categories of Islamic bloodthirsty violence,
He you terrorist go Pakistan Bangladesh and tell me isis Taliban Osama billaden ke pute Muslim you are dog one news is not good for us Islam Muslim is terrorist by Quran Muslim is only human other is kafeer ok Muslims dog
Lol Palestinians need to stop linking Islamic terrorist to Israel. Isis hate Israel just as much as Palestine. Isis was preaching the Quran not the Torah
Jesus taught acceptance and said to “love thy neighbor,” not “beware of SOCIAL JUSTICE and RADICAL LEFTIST IDEAS.” People that claim to be Christian and also support oppression are hypocrites. As a Christian myself, I find rhetoric likes hers to be appalling and sad
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ Mohammed stated clearly in the Hadith that he wanted Muslims to breed like rats so he could take over the world.
You don't have guts to make a twitter handle using own name telling anything against Hindus. If you have guts use your name with proper identity &amp; tweet the same way on Muslims &amp; Christians in TN. They you will see this "Tamil Religion" idiot. Get Lost
This is the irony of India. You can allude to the PM as idiots but call the jamatis ,the super spreaders,not even muslims but single source.
I never generalize the whole group of people as being terrorists, thats you assuming because you all are idiots. I know some amazing Muslim men and women and even they are smart enough to be questioning their faith and the lies they are told. Keep reaching ass hole.
You are mixed up, khazars were in the14th century. Bolshevic were in the 20th century. Stop embarrassing yourself ànd making Muslims look like idiots.
Bro , I am real secular. I think u need some SECULARISM. Your surroundings need some SECULARISM. And I am not islamophobic . I am just against radical Islamic terrorism.
Another factor which boosted Putin's popularity in the beginning of his career as a Prime minister and President, was a persistent economic growth. Neither of the two factors I mentioned -- Islamic terrorism and the economic growth -- are present in U.S.
There us nothing wrong with Conservatives. But what is definitely wrong is when they trust Qnon or when the Left supports Antifa. Christians who support radical groups like these are Christians In Name Only(CINO). So you don't trust current virus info? WHY??
Plz madam don't care about the idiot bcz of you and some others like u. .. I still believe all Muslims are not bad.. hats off...
@ashoswai are you really a professor of 'PEACE' ??? Asking Indian Muslims to perform riots similar to Minnesota ? who gave you this chair ? hate mongering idiot #ALLLIVESMATER #indiaagainstlobby #commiedogs
Taliban Khan of NaziArmy of failed Jihad infested terrorist country @pid_gov @ImranKhanPTI thinks of Indian Army like that of the coward jihadi army of Begger-i-stan @OfficialDGISPR which killed 3mn Bengali Hindus and Muslims &amp; raped 0,5mn women.Indian Army = Humanity Defender.
@AbiAlbaraaShami @mir576607189 Too bad the Caliphate is too stupid to create it's own twitter. Madrassas only produce morons.
Ok, it goes no further. I want to thank you again for being the perfectly paranoid unhinged example of someone who is obsessed to a point of blindness over muslims. Im glad you were bored throughout all of this, idiot.
Meh he called me a name and I’m a snowflake and need to stay in my safe place. The MAGA cult loves name calling and doesn’t believe in politically correct, remember? What do you have against Muslims or Arabs? Shriners clearly use Arabic and arab names, but also hate them. Idiots
Wow you Indian guys are so biased it's insane You clowns actually think any of these right wing idiots won't come after you once they're done with the muslims? We need to stick together, be honest ,be truthful. The amount of times I see Indians supporting bigots is too much
Apologies for wrongly genderising you, that's really not nice. Lots of Doctors are idiots though. Also, arguing like that is a logical fallacy. I don't know of any LibDem that pretended to be Muslim, but wouldn't be surprised. Lots of LibDems are idiots, you know...
You lot only complain when you get dragged the same way you drag other races, how many innocent Muslims have been persecuted because of the actions of a few idiots?
We call it right wing christian extremist. So that we separate it from normal christians? Do you want people thinking muslims are radical? She even names it to be wahhabism do you support the sauds religion? Do you want it to not be named? They just killed 2 soldiers on our soil
RT @TRobinsonNewEra: http://t.co/AgX6DiZUIH England and Wales child rape cases up 37% in five years We all know why
I don't belong to a religion but I grew up in a Christian and Muslim environment. If you dislike some of their beliefs and they took billboards and said people HATE us we ar oppressed won't you call them fools and idiots? We can't all agree. But we all deserve human rights
You're right sis! As a fellow Christian woman I understand! So let's ask ourselves: Would Jesus scream about dick all year long or stand up for the oppressed
Sabaji please u understand wahabism will distroy india .india wll become another Afghanistan.please dont support islamic terrorism. Now u are not wearing burqa but later u wll have to wear burqa as well as may go tbrough female genital mutilation .
If government start the oppression in a Muslim minority state, you would find the similar response from them as well. Majority of world Muslims have denounced ISIS. Isis is satanic. Its far from what Islam teach us about war. Few idiots fall for it.
All hindus have accepted islam where have been miss have not you heard hindutva and rss and bjp goons saying they will wipe muslim and Christians. Even they put a deadline to it. They want themselves to be extreme hindu wish muslims to be secular. Sanghi idiots.
And most of these new trolls use muslim names for some reason...As if saying.."look I have a fake muslim name, so even after seeing the bile I vomit on daily basis, you won't make out that I am a RW troll"..Some level of idiots they are..
so we can conclude that quran is actually telling not to kill innocent people but the terrorist like ISIS and hafiz saeed therefore muslims should do jihad against isis, alqaeda , thats what quran is telling us but because of lack of knowledge and understanding some people
Ilhan Omar has brought Somalia to Minnesota. Enjoy you absolute idiots. Bailout denied. Why don't you ask the Muslim Brotherhood. Minnesota's new Covid-19 proof masks on the way
Buhari should be in prison @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for crime against humanity past and present @VP @mike_pence but because of the foundation, his President for killing the Christian Biafra, @WhiteHouse @PentagonPresSec buhari is a jihad terrorist, save the children of GOD
What makes u think that IS won't happen again in India? If it's history, why's same Islamic terrorism alive in India today? How do u know that it won't grow?
@obsurfer84 99% of all inventions come from the west. Islam has produced nothing in 1000 years. Mohammed was an illiterate who produced nada
Except 1) He isn’t Muslim and 2) you’re an idiot
If all you are going to do is insult me then there's no point. But, I'll just leave this here. Muslims are not terrorists. Radical idiots hiding behind Islam are terrorists. They've killed more Muslims than Christians. CIA, Killary, Obama ETC funded terrorism.
Just like he was a Muslim then he was a socialist oh let’s not forget the Terrorist fist bump. And the best for last he used a selfie stick!!! You trumptards must still believe in the Easter bunny and santa Clause. #idiots.
I am pretty sure they were not ‘Private’ Catholic Schools, rather ‘Christian’ Evangelical Schools. ‘Public’ Catholic Schools did not support Scheer’s radical approach/values.
What's wrong in Mughals being great?? They, most of them, weren't typical Muslims. 1-2 exceptions only. You idiots have obsession with Muslims.
That’s just crazy. If you look at the mass exodus from the Republican Party....it’s people like myself. White, college educated, Christian, Woman . I am not a liberal. I do care about right/wrong. Look at what the new demographic of Trump supporters. Tailgating? Rednecks
Really?!! From where did you get these numbers idiot , I’m done with you (invest in education) (stop killing muslims) (stop worshipping cows and try to eat it) it’s delicious believe me
Agred! My Mom used to say of folks like him: "Something ain't right in his head!" Then she'd smile and say: "Worst I can say, being a Christian woman." All would laugh.
Unfortunately there are ppl of every race and gender who support trump. Radical christian terrorists...
Why do you radical fascists support the arrest of Christians attending church or families in parks, and blast them as selfish. Then a week later, you’re offended when Trump holds such a ‘sacred’ book, and you encourage riots that are spreading covid? Or is covid a hoax now?
And yet the scum MSM supported the dictator-just like the radical filthy feminists who will support Islamists but go after Christian, heterosexual men
#Assad is bad. Jihadis also bad &amp; would still be bad w Assad gone. Assad is an asshole but he didn't create #ISIS.â¦ https://t.co/XIRkMUexSk
By submitting yourself to god it means that you follow everything Allah mentions in the quran. ISIS are a literal terrorist group that completely goes AGAINST everything that is written in the quran. They kill multiple innocent children and adults everyday and ruin lives.
Such a stupid,heard about FATF list?When u start to fight with India,then u will come to real meaning of isolated?Pakistan wants to beg those countries and as they think enemy of India.pakistan islamic terrorism is the reason for http://isolation.world is large not few as above.
A real terrorist hiding in fictional character, she and other terrorists run this agenda to demonise humanity and wanted bloodshed in the name of God, jihad, minority, being muslim
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews But Sharia is very sexist and 2/3 of Muslims want it.
Oh that's right I remember when my employer accused this Christian woman of making terroristic threats because she was waiting in the parking lot for her wife-oh wait my bad it was because they we gay!
Terrorists are not only those who kills innocent people in the name of jihad but also those who defends them in the name of humanity. Sometimes war becomes essential for peaceful society n nation.
@Raqqa_Sl The prophet of Islam made his living robbing caravans.  So of course ISIS will make money stealing if they can.
You should be ashamed of yourself posting a video that debunked everything trump claims to have seen on tv.Thousands of Muslims “celebrating“.The lady only saw kids playing in a library area 12-13in age she says. How do u idiots live with yourselves with all these fabrications?
Fake news spread by Islamic terrorism agencies and we know about u .u also part of them
@tti1947 @MaxBlumenthal And the Quran says that the Muslims must steal and occupy the entire world.
Terrorists are not humen. Humanity doesn't teach jihad and war. #IndianArmy protecting humanity and humen rights. Kudos @adgpi God Bless You Always..!!
Why not a Chinese person. A Muslim. A Scottish person. A real woman .or even a gay person. You knobs need to stop idiots
Nobody says that she is a Muslim.girl but u took an angel of Hindu Muslim Everybody says that some people beating this women when she stole some food from ration store and I idiot make it Hindu Muslim how foolish you are means a great communal journalist
You have a point. He's more like the fraction of Muslims that sat at home and cheeted the Taliban like idiots, not the Taliban itself.
I agree, there are always people that take things too far. Protests of any type sometimes have provocateurs. But you cannot generalize about a group. Not all immigrant men are "bad hombres", not all muslims are terrorists, not all MAGA are racists or idiots
Do you know why Bangladesh was created????? If you u don't go and chk some history.... U will know about Islamic terrorism...
Useful idiot. Muslim ban was real. Tax cuts for the wealthy. Environmental policies that pollute. White power. Do you see what we see or is it a cult.
@ummahwitness Then why do you smelly rag heads keep moving to Britian?
the western media machine has demonized muslims for decades you fucking idiot you think i dont know all this already? the history of the uyghurs is that xinjiang is actually part of east turkestan, and that theyre not actually chinese but turkic people. china annexed it 1949.
@johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @98Halima @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 There is nothing that ISIS does that the prophet Mohammed didn't also do.
Nice to see u asking to stop politics.. Bt no single tweet to stop Terrorism.. Radical Islamic Terrorism is Burning the whole World but no concerns from Pretenders like u. @sambitswaraj #BoycottJihadis. #BoycottJihadiBollywood
Irony is u r comparing RSS with isis becoz we know what isis is just like SI unit of radical islamic terrorism, religious violence, brainwash in the world.
RT @AmyMek: #IslamLOVESWomen Muslim files suit AGAINST law banning child marriage,"OFFENDS Islam" http://t.co/bPPiSINSS8 #IWD2015 http://t.…
This is just gross. Signed a #Christian woman who knows Jesus was sent to teach us to love more and judge less, to help our neighbor not just the people we think “deserve” it. The New Testament was literally all about love and compassion. You are right you are no bible scholar.
All Terrorist organisations follow Islam &amp; Jihad is an Islamic war against Humanity Ramzaan bas been the bloodiest month for the world
@DailyMirror Peaceful BLM "Radical" Marxists, who broke thru a locked gate and theatened to kill them and destroy their property? That's why the American Revolution happened against you British class ass idiots! Now go deal with your Muslim invasion you are having there.
Killing innocent people is not what our army & the other armed forces are trained for... don't act like idiots because you have a gun...&amp; I feel this the primary reason there is terrorism on the rise in the region...you all are out to kill any Muslim...not right..!
Answer my claims idiot. You sent Qur'an verses talking about all Muslims going to Hell. I proved you wrong by showing the full verses. Now try and have a rebuttal. Stop changing the topic. Because I'll throw in Bible verses as well if you want to play this game.
What is the RSS teaching you ? Self respect, religion &amp; our own history. Whats wrong in that ? For 7 decades we have learnt what the @INCIndia wanted us too.. &amp; look where we have reached.. we have a muslim state in our own Country.. and idiots still smile. Woh !! Sad !!
Sounds like you and @apst24 have some beliefs in common! Maybe you could build a coalition of TERFs and radical Christians who support Trump! Such a uniquely American thing - radical feminists and conservatives banding together to deprive people of rights (see 1st wave feminism)
Muslims invaded Spain and demolished churches and turned into mosques. We kicked them out and took it back. So, nothing is here to give you idiots. And your ummah, stop stealing stuffs and looting others properties.
Because it was named three decades ago on a Muslim scholar، not for ISIS you idiot
Whether AL Qaeda or ISIS or Any other Islamic terrorists group, all of them grown up and flourished under the shadow of Quran and Sharia. indulged in performing their religious duty,beheading killing as to fulfill Allah's wish ! U n they, all r Muslim! Allah n Quran same 4 all!
RT @Amoka: Video supposedly showing Shia militia killing a solider calling him "kaka" which means Mr in Kurdish has gone viral among #Kurdi…
If you open the quran you can read the violent verses of killing infidels and your god threatening them with eternal hell. Islam is corrupted in its core and this why when some muslims literally follow and practice islamic teachings they become like isis and alshabab terrorists.
You are a literal idiot if you don't think sharing, liking and commenting agreed on a post about Japan not giving citizenship to Muslims under the caption "Common sense approach to Muslims" is not prejudice to an ethnicity.
@anjemchoudary We could care less how much you love the fraud.  We have the right to think of him any way we want and express that.
@obsurfer84 And the Muslims robbed the wealthy merchants.
Especially considering his abandonment of the 50,000 Christian Kurds living along the northern Syrian border that have been attacked by Turkish forces and radical militias operating under Turkish authority. They support the ethic cleansing of other Christians. Outrageous.
If we didn’t go over there and intervene, then ISIS and other terrorist groups would only grow and then they would be coming over here to kill us because they hate America and Americans, they also hate anybody that doesn’t believe in the Quran! Wake up!
Okay, so u don't recognize Radical Islamic terrorism, am i clear? That guy just talked about radicalism, why ur butt hurts, or u support Radicalism? Extremism of any religion is bad for humanity, but what hurting the world n Humanity d Most is, RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM.
I can't understand "proud to be a Dem"? after installing numerous Muslims into our Congress, Tabib and Omar have it on record they want to install Shira law, they support radical Muslim groups. Imagine christians attempting to get into government in Iran, Saudi, libia..
This is Endia police + Army. "Animals,Cowards,Idiots,Nonsense................! Modi Provide security to RSS and killing innocent kashmiris and Muslims. India has no name of Humanity. "Shame on You" #Gayhind #IndiaKillingYouth_IOK @Team4Pakistan
When you don't know Islam then ask a Muslim rather than asking idiot islamophobes like Robert Spencer. For taqyah go and check it on Wikipedia
That's not fair, and you're an idiot for saying that. That doesn't explain why a religion is banned in America. It doesn't explain why Legal Americans whom are Muslim were banned and turned into Refugees in other countries. Plus you're making a very general statement.
#TheBachelor++ She knew that she was a Christian woman saving herself for the right husband. She should NOT have gotten into that show.
R u talking about this...... The Radical Islamic terrorism #MuslimAtankwaad pic.twitter.com/8y4dX0YHFj
Many terror group create by islam & it's terror book quran as #ISIS and many more. Its book quran guided terrorist and excited the people murder. So write it with us #ban_redical_islam_in_whole_world
Pakistan is so obsessed with terrorists and jihad that they have left humanity. Aise apne citizens ko marne chhod diya. @fawadchaudhry taklu kuch insaniyat bachi hai tum logo mein?
Poor baby, so we have had no islmacist attacks in the UK over the last 20 years? Are you an idiot, it's the main reason why people from a Conservative Muslim faith kill non believers, most are killed within the middle east and north Africa.. Calling it what it normally is
U remember during your visit to india during this visit you spoke about islamic terrorism and by that you given permission to kill india moslems Whars happening in US is gods army corona created havoc in all america please read a versus in koran that mentions all in المدثر versu https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1248571384701374466
I agree. But who brought Islamic terrorism to Kashmir. With locals not possible Anem soe wovum soe lagem soe paansee. Hope u can read it. You are responsible for your own misery. We also are made by same RabulAalmeen not what you claim RabulMuslameen. Remember that
Idiot, I have already told you to drop the neo četnik/yugoslav narative that we are Muslims, Muslims is not and never will be a nationality. We are Bosniaks our native country is Bosnia other ethnicities live there too but it is still our native country
Just 2-4 attacks on Muslim and u r playing victim card... Did you forget akshardham attack 2002?, bombay attack 1993,jaipur blast 2008,26/11 even history is fraught with Islamic terrorism.... That I will be exhausted if I start counting them
Iter 3:
Oh please Why don’t u talk or tweet like this When those terrorists - ISIS use Quran phrases and arabic stuff for war knowingly.. Yet u blame these kpop idols who wore them without knowing the meaning?? Shame on you..
@Payal_Rohatgi He defends jihadis His family mocks Hinduism He claims to be atheist but never protests against radical islamists or Kashmiri Hindus &amp; Yazidis genocide Hypocrite Javed is a giving covered support to anti Hindu Christians. Just like they floated Bhim-Mslm bhai bhai.
I care about the present not the past. Don’t tell me I’m ignorant when Muslim woman suffer in Muslim countries today. Idiot. Muslim men only talk about the past cause that’s all you have.
As of 2015, there r 1.8billion Muslims which amounts 24.1% of world' population.If there is a surge in Islamic terrorism it is unimaginable.I haven't told anything bad about any religion.If u r hurt it is because either u r misunderstood r because u r guilty.learn before argue
As a Pakistani Muslim, I'm totally against it. Its illegal and dangerous. But I don't understand why idiots in the comments are trying to fulfill their racist agenda by making this about race.. If you think this is bad, have a look at white people in beaches ... exactly.
@PeoplesReport @AlterNet Scum bag ISIS supporters will say anything to justify their barbaric behavior.
Many of you IslamoFascists who never criticised Pakistan atrocities on Hindu/Christian/Sikh communities &amp; always support Radical Islamists like #TablighiJamaat #MaulanaSaad @RanaAyyub @MirzaWaheed @washingtonpost @republic @TAGTVCANADA @IndiaToday @OpIndia_com
No, if she doesn’t stand up for what’s right ESPECIALLY as a Christian woman, then fuck her peace.
Christians, know that almost all of us American Jews love your support. IFN is a radical garbage group
Listen. There's a Christian woman boldly proclaiming she wont wear a mask and only "fragile" ppl should because she has no fear and wont let gubment take her rights. Forget the elderly, neighbors and sick members of Gods house though...
#BringBackPayal @TwitterIndia u r vry soft on ISLAMIC terrorism,islamic hatred towards othr communities..u nvr suspnd MUSLIM acounts why???? ar all yr employees MUSLIMS??I DOUBT
@jukes303 Unlike you I do read before making assumptions.  I read all of the Quran and many of the Hadiths.  That is how I know it's vile.
Hello shreeya. I just saw one of ur videos. Its good that u r spking at humanity. I would request you to say something on atrocities on Kashmiri Pandits and abt ongoing radical Islamic terrorism in the world also if u consider this fit into ur criteria of humanity.
Ooooh you are a pudding.I your kneck of the woods you can't buy non halal.Meat from animals slaughtered with the utmost cruelty to satisfy muslim blood lust in the name of religion and you choose to criticise chlorine washed chicken. Utter plonker. Take the knee idiot.
How does alla feels happy when your islamic jihadi goons, suicide bombers & terrorist kill innocents? Are terrorist organisation ISIS, AL QAIDA, BOKO HARAM,JuD, JeM,SIMI islamic terrorists? They have quran violent verses printed on their flag..Who carried out terrorist attack ...
@ALWiss5 The jihadists fight for the interest of the Caliph and the pedophile prophet, not for the interest of the people.
PM Modi With the Support of Terrorists Organisation RSS Has Taken Practical Steps for Muslim Genocide in India. Their First Target Is Muslims, Then Christians, Then Dalit. Then Turn India into a Radical Hindutva Terrorists State like ISIS. @UN @Saudi_Gazette @Bahrain @uaegov
Does that mean, as a Christian woman she has the right to lie? If true, why do little kids (&amp; adults, maybe) go to confession &amp; confess to the priest that they lied to their mom; priest then has them say many prayers for their sins or they'd go to Hell.
zack bro, what's your point with this comparative list? are you saying sunni islam is not islam at all? your method of defense is to condemn millions of muslims to hellfire equating them effectively with isis terrorists, claiming that almost no one is following the real quran?
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab U hv religious sharia law. U give no religious freedom to non Muslim. U have religious Umma. U pray for Muslim brotherhood. We pray for humanity U never speak against genocide due Islamic terrorism but we do. Ur silence is cause all “Islamophoba” not us
@zh_ha89 Islam treats women like slaves and anyone who says otherwise is stabbing women in the back. http://t.co/pMfSv6sss9
What about the Christian persecution you support at the Southern border of the USA? Hypocrisy has become the radical rightist mantra.
Where is the minority right in Pakistan a Christian woman had to ask asylum from Western countries.why she has to plz answer this question first
Darkness is in your eyes. Terrorist factories are running all over the world in the name of Prophet Mohammad, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Lashkar-e-Taiba and ISIS militants also offer Namaz and recite Quran daily. Terrorists and your Quran is same.
Only u can feel how much Hindus afraid to live with muslims it's only not in india now whole world is suffering from islamic terrorism a very scary situation creat by Muslim in whole world example they looted rape dacoits mudrer shamless uncivilized don't be serious with shehla
Nicki really followed me today. A good Christian woman right there
I think if I want to shiplap every wall in my home that is my right as a southern American good Christian woman and I will not let Dan Coe or anyone come between me and what God has planned for my journey on earth.
There was a copy of the book, "Islam between East and West" by the idiot Izetbegovic that had argued pretty much what you're reporting. Even more infuriating was the author's insistance that Europe would have been backward if not for the muslim invasions. It's pure nonsense as 1/
Well I guess she was right, you are not a Christian woman! But you also never claimed to be and it has zero bearing on what type of person you are.
@mohamadraimi4 @korderakan Not only dead Daesh, but Baghdadi ran like a coward. Will he behead himself for fleeing like he does his men Gwer
Muslim world call holly war, and we are all, just idiots for them. Pls be carefull when you decide and cooperate in that war. Dirty play. Manipulation. Fake target ....naive, but will be death most white population .
@LifeInKhilafah No the lies that I tell come directly from the Quran and Hadiths. Like declaration of war on humanity http://t.co/oC5Y5Cb740
“Not all Muslims are from Islam you idiot” - Meghan Trainor
Indians were IDIOTS Jinnah desperately tried to convince you all It's was YOU who convinced Indian Muslims of ONE UNITED SECULAR INDIA for all Indians Jinnah knew it was bull shit Now India needs Partition urgently before disaster
@ummayman90 No, you know damn well that Mohammed told his followers to breed as a source of population imperialism. #Islam
Why are u spamming one thing on all tweets by Muslims? You should see a doctor idiot!
Don't listen to this idiot, Palestinians in Jerusalem WANT you to come and support them, it's the Zionists who want Muslims to forget about Aqsa (and by extension Palestine), and it's the Zionists who are unfortunately leading in having evangelicals/etc visit Jerusalem
No that's not being shallow i call every idiot "son" It's euphemism specially i use it for fellow madarsachap Muslims like you.
Hahah you quoting an idiot low level worker of bjp..you should quote prime minister modi and his thoughts on muslims..And what you guys doing with hindus in pakistan? From 20 % to 1 % thats the story of hindus in pakistan
Whoever made this is stupid. A random Muslim or a nursery entry level Arabic student would know that the first line is wrong. You idiots are really reaching at this point, you can never make another surah so the QURAN is unbeatable. Deal with it clowns...
But when cared U were busy in watching ur so called chutiya turkish web series go and watch.....now dint show ur hypocrisy here..... Radicalized Islamic Terrorism
Who ever is mis using the word jihad and conveyed a wrong msg/meaning to people, they really don't knw wht is islam is and basic rule of islam. They are not jihadies you can call them terrorist. Don't use jihadies for thm they are shit of this world who kill humans &amp; humanity
Knowledge and Muslim clerics = non intersecting sets. #Islam
Plasma jihad ? Or plasma terrorist ? Where is the abuser? #again solid punch by #tableeghijamaat to the haters and fake news spreaders...Muslims always came for humanity first ..my Hindu brothers wake up from this godi media and see the real Indians doing what we must feel proud
no, you're an idiot. Since in middle ages after muslim takeover of former christian lands in Asia, Christianity became restricted to Europe so did Jesus. People usually imagine their God to look like them. and btw Arabs at that time viewed themselves as superior to non-muslims
Yasin Malik has not served the sentence for #KashmiriPanditGenocide nor did he renounce #Jihad against #Bharat He has been member of the terrorist group #JRL comprising @MirwaizKashmir &amp; #Gilani too. U &amp; ur father late #Mufti too need to be tried for crimes against humanity.
@ZibaLady1 @JoeBiden HEY IDIOT ANOTHER MUSLIM BORN TRUMPS SUPPORTER SHUT UP ,WE HAD ENOUGH FROM YOU AND REST OF SORRY ,SCUMBAGS LIAR LIBERALS SHUT UP JOEY ,SHUT THE HELL UP JOEY ,
@nrllhkose @BBCPaulAdams Either that murdering scum wins or the murdering, sexist, genocidal Islamist scum wins.  Either way, scum wins.
How many Muslim women do you see dating White Men? But that’s nothing to do with Racism right? Idiot.
1. Their was not a Muslim ban 2. You started the list 3. I was about being able to verify peoples information 4. You are an idiot
Hahahaha who listens this bloody idiot tarek only you people cus he barks against muslims .. BTW why you interacting with me? waili qoum
It’s easy. When you’re Sunni-Hanafite (turk. Hanefi) Muslim you’re Turkish. If you’re Sunni-Shafi (turk. Şafii) Muslim you’re kurdish. In South-East Turkey all kurds are Sunni-Shafi. Alevites are mostly Turkish only few thought that they are kurdish. All idiots.
We need to stop naming the race, it’s what got us here. #libtards want you to think it’s racism, it’s really about taking our rights away! Destroying our constitution, who is responsible? idiots, Chinese, radical Muslims and democrats
lmao the quran is wasn’t written by “dead people” it was written by the final prophet, Muhammad who is loved by all muslims and Allah. u still a sheep on twitter listening to idiots while i listen to my creator. anyways YOU r the joke itself so i’m not giving u my time anymore
For a start ghengis Khan conquered most of Asia. The Muslims did a bit too. You hate responses that don't fit your mindset. I don't see any examples from you either. There was a nasty white man called Adolf. And lots of other mostly white men stopped him. Idiot
Modi is feku who is fooling hindus by giving them false hope of saving from Islamic terrorism. U did not answer my question.
As a white non christian woman who has been fighting for the right to have healthcare I need without a male to request for me. I lost everything after 9 11. Held at gun point while my home was trashed 10 hrs I never got over that. People will be disappearing faster this time.
Idiot, what do you think of the Hindu population of the world? Admit it, if India comes closer to a theocratic Hindu Rashtra state, that will be one of the two Hindu majority countries, with one succumbing to the very issues they allege in Muslims
@harmlesstree2 Only an idiot that doesn't history would say that.You have never studied the barbarity of the Muslims during that entire time
All three of these companies are complicit in the genocide of the Uighur Muslims you virtue signaling idiots
Yes, he welcomed Islamic terrorists to our white house, and refused to honor the Israeli prime minister, our ally, to the white house...and he declared himself a muslim, bowed to an arab emigrant, sworn in on the quran, gave 1.7 to Irann, supported Isis...
lack of empathy ?? do you even know how many Muslim kids don't have access to basic facility of food/education / health services ? how many poor children you have helped ?? you cant improve life of 1 child but you are ready to make worse for more is this empathy ? u idiot
It's fathers day you colossal idiot, I'll be spending it with my family, not having weirdos on social media attempt to meet me.
You don’t have to pretend mufti. The question is not whether it should be built or not. It’s about building an idiot with money of muslims. There are thousands of mosques in uk but none was build by tax payer Every Tom dick and Harry is acting erudite on social media.
She's a terrible person who hates Muslims and thinks of Israel as a paragon of truth, but will claim to be a social justice warrior. Her fans are idiots who clearly can't see through her. Don't let that idiot affect you
No, it’s not. It would be considered discriminatory towards a religion(aka Religious Discrimination)if you are pointing out the Burka. But it’s not Racism as you can be Irish and also adhere to the Muslim faith &amp; beliefs. So CLEARLY, you’re ALSO an idiot.
And they will continue to be used as proxies by Pakistanis. Pakistan who could never accept Balochis, Pashtoons, Bangali Muslims will now suddenly accept Kashmiris . Dream on. You guys are cheap pawns because u r blinded by religion. Radical Islamic terrorism. Ask POK Kashmiri’s
This disgusting traitor Khan + his evil family r well known Islamic terrorism supporters. U couldn't make it up, that this vile monster has power 2 tear down historical statues of OUR british history. He is a Pakistani + has NO right 2 do this! His hands r dripping in blood!
Were you born as an idiot or did u achieve it recently? Open ur eyes and see how these muslims are harassing women of their own community for buying things from Hindu shops.
There is not such thing as radical Islam, and moderate Islam!! You are either a Muslim or not, you either follow the Quran or not!! Terrorist like ISIS, Alquaida, Daeish, all made and created by the US, Saudi, and Israel!! Same people behind your 911
Jesus was not a "conservative". He was completely a-political. If anything he was a radical, &amp; "conservative" Christians in America have centuries of unconfessed support for evil to apologize for. Apparently, you've never read Matt 10:14 or Luke 9:53-55. I suggest you do so.
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood All fought against fascist, dictatorial or Islamolunatic regimes. For example .....
SAINTS!!! WAKEUP!! #SAINTS #WAKEUP #PLEASE #CatchTheWave Posted withrepost • @ingamae Stand for what is right. The end. #Repost bernadinebarber If you’re a Christian woman and indulge in this disgusting show, do… https://www.instagram.com/p/B0oirGMACzM/?igshid=1xo4cmp0s69n4
Sick Viles, I mean, Rick Wiles isn't a Christian. He is, a fake, evil, radical, religious, UnChristian fraud. I will continue to rebuke the Evangelicals, etc...who call themselves Christians &amp; Support the Orange Antichrist. That can't be...So, no he's not a Christian.
@SecondLady - please, please talk to your husband and get him to do what is right. I know you are a good Christian woman who walks in the path of righteousness. By standing by and doing nothing you are both following Trump into an amoral abyss you may never recover from.
I am very quickly reaching the conclusion that PETA is not only Hindu-phobic but also cowardly when you won't name a Muslim festival of slaughter but will overtly only publicise that which is Hindu. Permit me to add blind idiots to, luckily we the public are not.
RT @sudixitca: Our Prophet Our Honor = Rape, Beheadings, and Genocide Our Honor = Muhammad Does not Deserve Respect.
RT MCAOps: WATCH | The youngest #Palestinian journalist and the cousin of Ahed Tamimi, Janna Jihad confronted Zionist Terrorists who illegally occupy her village of Nabi Saleh. Janna: ''Those terrorists, Humans w/ no humanity!'' #FreeAhedTamimi #FreePal… https://twitter.com/nzayed07/status/988621101239586817/video/1
Do u actually believe half of the crap that comes out of tour mouth. Amazing how peeps will sale their soul for a paycheck. By the way how was church this past Sunday Christian woman! Oh that’s right u didn’t go. Again.
Why do Saudis, Pakistanis, ISIS and Taliban brutalize their women? Because Islam tells them to. http://t.co/vguMM46Y9L
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab Arab world : &gt;No Democracy. &gt;Religious sharia law. &gt;No religious freedom to non Muslims. &gt;Religious Umma. &gt;Muslim brotherhood. &gt;Never speak against genocide due to Islamic terrorism. Ur silence has caused “Islamophoba” not us. “Practice what u Preach”.
@ZakaWaqar kaash kbhi ksi basic rights k lye is generation ko D Chowk pe laya hota... Shame on you idiot. People like you are curse on the Muslim nation. #ChickenDinnerAtDChowk
What to do? International terrorist accused of recruiting new terrorists for ISIS in jail. Should he be given a Quran or should he be executed? Time to treat the "war on terror" like a real war? Can we discuss or would that be Islamophobic? @IslamismMap
This is a good Christian woman who claims to part of the religious right but yet puts out false statements and claims our lord and savior says this my grandma God rest her soul is false hood and use of gods word is sinful
What kind of shameless spineless fake media are u @Twitter @TwitterIndia u have no spine to act on such hateful handles actually ur not pro humanity but pro islamic terrorism that's why even ur media will face death sooner or later
FYI 90% of refugees in the world r Muslims. 99% terrorists r Muslims, top wanted r all Muslims, highest crime rate, Muslims dominated areas. R u jealous they America and UK like hindus more? Awww. Feeling bad tht trump said Radical Islamic terrorism? Seriously u guys r filth
So according to u Islamic terrorism is a myth!
idiot brainwashed Christians,, https://t.co/mFgGJAty20
A lying adulterer versus a Christian woman? Right they only want one thing
I'm a working class Tory. Grew up in Brixton during the 1981 riots. Now married to a muslim migrant who is also a Tory and leave voter. Last weekend put us all back 40 years you idiot.
Where do you even start with this? I’ll not bother but just add that The Muslim Arms was packed yesterday with thirsty customers. Idiot. And possibly the worst Straw Man argument ever.
The muslim in that video says its a muslim problem even when someone of that religion says it you still deny it, As Majid said "facts don't care about peoples feelings" 19,000 victims last year and we still can't talk about it without some idiot shouting racist.
@abu__ramadi @lsarsour @m_murhib You scum murdered 3000 unarmed Ezidi civilians in cold blood. And you expect people to buy your victimhood?
How stupid do you think of me as a racist? while Muslims in my place are the same race as me? we just have different religions, not races!! IDIOT !!!
Dalits and Muslims own some of the stores there..you idiot. Kaise kaise gadhe paal rakhe hai humne!!
If don't necessarily like me and don't care to support me financially, here's my latest on the threat of Radical Islam, and the roles of Christians, particularly Christian nations and magistrates FOR FREE. FOR FREE: The Kenyan Eleven http://www.truthdispatch.com/?p=12808 via @TreyMays
Well you standing as a Christian woman YOU know right from wrong evil from good fake from honest SO get off the religion train and stand up to the DEVIL - N- CHIEF and preach to him about being a leader and example for ALL Americans
@ScottMorrisonMP You have a serious education problem in this country, Cutting History is an obvious mistake Also like to highlight these BLM idiots are voting against their own actions, Aboriginals &amp; Muslims have really got to offend to get jailed, then it is 100% their fault
Bloody @sardesairajdeep why don’t u call it as Islamic terrorism???
2/ ... denial than anything else: contemplating that type of control is too large a beast for me to grapple with intellectually and my reserves are already low! That said, I think those who support Israel as a country, radical conservative Jews and evangelical Christians, ...
@harmlesstree2 Jihad is the cornerstone. It is a declaration of war on all humanity. And it can only stop when Islam is completely discarded
Worldwide Islam is the largest terrorist ideology in the world! Responsible as we speak for Christian Genocide in the middle east and Africa! Slaughtering innocent people in the Philippines and Indonesia! Her constituents are Radical Muslim apologists that support that ideology!
Markus Meckel explains to #PearsonGlobalForum the history of #GDR Churches as Center of opposition to the State. #Punkrock and #environmentalist #resistance thrived in some radical #Churches at the time. Many #DDR Christians didn’t support party politics. #Berlin
Brought to you by the same idiots who also believe: global warming is a hoax Obama is a secret Muslim vaccines cause autism kooky #QANON conspiracy theories Hillary covered up #Benghazi Americans on a steady diet of Fox News and far right-wing websites
Have you heard about White Supremacists, Ku Klux Klan and other Christian radical groups with millions of support base? So how is Islam alone singled out for radicalization?
@DianH4 But in Islam they can rape captive women to their hearts content and there is no law against it.
I like how you jump past misogyny, homophobia, FGM, honour killings, industrial scale rape of working class girls, terrorism straight to great replacement. There are a lot of issues in the muslim community that are not discussed adequately due to idiots like you crying racism.
I absolutely love when I hear a Christian tell a Muslim that their god is evil and I'm like, you believe in the same god idiot.
So am I worthy of a good Christian woman? Ridiculous! Of course not. I’m not even worthy of life but God in His infinite mercy has, for some reason, seen fit to pay my ransom. I have no right to complain about anything.
@khanumarfa Madam o e thing pl clear that either u r a Engineer or a Journalist or A Professor or a Illetriate but all of Ur mentality are same nobody raise a voice against Islamic Terrorism) Triple Talk r u Indian pl note that for a Indian Narion is first then anything but u 00
Shame on propagandists like u who twists facts 2 further their agenda. You from outside India joined by waste fellows from pak n India. Have sense &amp; strength 2 condemn pak sponsored islamic terrorism. Use u r hate 4 betterment of humanity not destruction by siding with terrorists
X= not all men Y= you're a bastard... idiot... X= ...... Y=Not all Muslims X= ?????? Y= It's different Lol
Many many congratualtion to our Israeli friends, may u dominate and demolish the islamic terrorism
@RaniaKhalek @MaxBlumenthal Odeh's actions in the US proves that she is a lying criminal and so undoubtedly lied about what happened in Isr.
RT @MaajidNawaz: .@ggreenwald teaching me about discrimination, implies via the link that critiquing Islam is like being a homophobe http:/…
According to the recent UK Government “FCO Support For Persecuted Christians”, (pgs 31-2) more Christians were murdered in Nigeria than any other place on earth over the last year. Nigeria is 50% Christian. Radical Islamists intend to “eradicate” them
Ummm.... what? Have you even been to any muslim nation. Y’all act like the US ain’t riddin with pedophiles. Just look at the idiots in power. Also maths was discovered by arabs read a book then come talk to me.
Ok sorry but I had to put on my idiot decoder ring. So you are saying that because she is Muslim, she hates America and is planning to destroy us. That’s some racist, xenophobic bullshit.
You can read Gibbon on Rome, Thucydides on Athens &amp; Sparta, Ibn Khaldun on the dynastic Muslim empires, or the Brook series on Imperial China - many explanations of rise, fall and change but one factorhaunts them all - at the time of collapse there's some 'effing idiot in charge!
DeBlasio's concern is rediculous. Christians may not support gay marriage or radical Islam but we do love all people regardless of their beliefs. A true Christian would never treat a person differently because they are gay or Muslim. I doubt the question would even come up.
Right lol that’s exactly what she’s saying. Clearly he converted from his heart because he isn’t budging on that but also she really freaked out. Although on his end lol Muslim men are allowed to marry a Christian woman so he’s definitely not over his ex me thinks
What illiterate idiots they are. I am astounded at their distortions. I had a Muslim tell me Alexander the Great was Muslim because the Koran says so. How can you reason with them where there is NO LOGIC? That is why for me, it is not a religion but a cult.
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 But Muslims are dying to live under Sharia and to bring back all the vileness and barbarity of their prophet.
@Zahoorgorsi What the Americans did in Iraq was allow the Iraqis to elect their leadership.  Sunnis and Shia killing each other is Islam.
@HuffPostRelig Islam invaded and conquered 2/3 of Christiandom before any Christian crusades in response. The writer is a liar.
And what year was it when he described Muslim women as looking like letterboxes? Johnson is a racist, an idiot and unfit to hold public office. I'm surprised you are defending him, Iain - hoping for a gong?
There you go. Muslim Mlecchas are at it again. Yet these RSS idiots help them... Sudhar Jao Chootiyo...
Being a Christian woman I will only call him a 'jerk'. I assure you there are much stronger words going through my head right now.
@SpeakerPelosi NEVER HAVE SEEN SUCH CORRUPTION as the DIMMS have displayed. THIS IS WHY PEOPLE LIKE ME WALKED AWAY FROM YOUR RADICAL DEMOCRAT PARTY. YOU ARE COMMUNISTS - YOU SUPPORT ANTI-SEMITISM YOU ARE FILLED WITH HATE YOU ARE NO CHRISTIAN GOD HELP YOU ALL
@iyad_elbaghdadi @WarHorse2014 As long as it's not an Islamolunatic in power that forces Sharia on people who don't want it, who cares.
I'm Christian and I support Trump. Hes done more for POC and the LGBTQ in 3 years than the last 3 presidents. 9 black men died in the Obama presidency due to police brutality and nothing. Trump signed an EO for police reform. Hes publicly condemned all radical hate groups.
I remember these idiots singing the same old tired song when Obama was elected. My frantic coworker exclaimed "YOU BETTER GO BUY YER GUNS CUZ THAT MUSLIM OBAMA'S GONNA TAKE EM AWAY!"
Idiot it's from both side why are you seeing only Muslim as a victim both have suffered from that. Again i can see you will not speak for China's uighur but speaking for indian have some guts to stand for them.
@bradybaggett @LUVSHINECAFE If you like it or not, Islam declared war on all humanity in the Quran 1400 years ago.
Yes, Luke P.’s Approach is aggressive and not okay, BUT did everyone just forget that he is right about the fact that having sex with multiple men only two weeks before you plan on being engaged to one of them is not okay. Especially for a christian woman.
So, that's why the #Muslim majority countries around us either convert them to Islam, or kill them so that either they be buried to fertile the land or their country be theirs only. Are you serious? This is classical case of #secularism and Height of #Idiot_Intellectualism.
@harmlesstree2 The Muslim societies that managed to survive were brutal slave societies where they lived off the labor of slaves and women.
No, I'm saying you idiots that pretend black slavery of other blacks doesn't occur is clownery. It's almost as if black muslims don't exist along with the country Libya. And let's not even get into who sold the slaves to white slavers during Middle Passage. But please,continue
Lt Ummer Fayaz of 2 Rajjputana Rifles has laid down his life by setting an examples to Kashmiri youths and the meaning of real "JIHAD' which is against the terrorist who are curse to humanity and peace..Every youth should learn from his Sacrifice..Rest in peace BraveHeart!
RSS is much better dn by Islamic terrorism.But people like you wont understand that.even Allah doesnt support those who kills others in the name of http://islam.so you better dont talk shit about RSS &amp; hindutva.dis girl was trying to prove herself different u ruined dat2
Mad Muslim you are and u knw what you r a psycho...better stay away from our religious. idiot @TarekFatah and when you don't knw how to read quran then shut your dirty mouth and cut ur finger to stop tweeting like this shit.. shamed person
My dad was born as a Christian in Tehran, and his father was a tailor for the Shah's general, and he won an award by the Shah himself. But my dad fled with his family when the radical terrorists came, and he would fully support Trump if alive today.
Sarai was ur family under any kind of danger wen u started speaking up against iraq/iran and islamic terrorism?
@MadDr11 @MaxBlumenthal No Israel is containing Muslim violence through the only thing Muslims respond to, violence.
That's the ultimate evil agenda Satan is pushing through the antichrist Democrats. All their policies are antichrist and have no provisions for Christianity to prosper. The Democrats are more like ISIS, pushing annihilation of the Christians; but they'll support radical Islam!
https://twitter.com/BabakTaghvaee/status/1273049529487589376?s=19 minorities?? muslims ?? and why no words for muslims in other countries?? iran, china, syria, iraq... why you dont cry when little muslim kids dies with missiles hitting their home??when talivan behead women just for stepping out?? idiots
What And united nation Doing by helping this Terrorist Country. You never find nay thing human Feom these people they love Jihad and Violence foe them humanity Is a word in dictionary.
@DianH4 Islam doesn't answer anything.  It pretends to answer with illogical and delusional superstition.
She just looks dumb and bitter about me, nothing really looks bad unless you’re an idiot about what social justice is
Another gar left nutcase on the loose. Muslims talking about Islam is bad? Idiots like you in the west are plenty. I'm sure you haven't read the book, maybe even read a book. Far left bile seems to be you daily diet.
Savan ke andhe ko sab hara dikhta hai. Let me burn the quran used by isis in the protest against islamic terrorist, i am sure u wouldn't stand in solidarity while I will be abused (probably k!lled by) fellow liberal indian muslims
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets Actually, it's Islam that has to be destroyed for it's crimes against humanity.
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Mohammed was a murderer who beheaded 600 Jews in one day and sold their women and children into slavery.
- to see grooming gangs or issues such as radical elements of none Christian religions addressed, they would be accused of racism... And then people won't associate and go out and support those parties because they are afraid of also being labelled as such. This is why the -
I’m not religious and I’ve come to expect they would, despite the first amendment, do everything in their power to support radical Christian sects over other religions, the unaffiliated, and non believers. (5)
i played penny’s mom that’s right they kept most of the roles accurate but they rlly let me play a white christian woman
A Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case, party officials say. http://bit.ly/2FXq0HA
and if i’m not mistaken all the videos she participates in and the television shows she’s in are quite sinful. but protesting for something that’s right is where she “draws the line” and is a “christian woman”. oh ok
the evangelical zombies support trump because he's loading up the courts with radical rightwing judges who will allow christians to discriminate again, and they believe he'll hasten the arrival of the apocalypse. televangelists love him because he's a con artist, just like them.
I’ve got breaking news for you. If you support a man who stole from cancer victims, raped a 13-year old, cheated on three wives, put children in cages, and gassed peaceful Americans then you are neither a good christian or a real American. You’re a MAGA radical. @realDonaldTrump
If Your criterion of Islam is some Anti-Islamic & terrorist groups like ISIS and what Western media offers, yes that's not religion of peace. but if you have searched about real islam and if you have read quran just for 1 time say where did you find any violent content in it?
*Third Claim of yours: Read better about what Jehad is- there is something called Agnotology science which CIA uses to take cropped verses of quran "واقتلوهم" without full interpertation. This enables them to create political terrorist groups "Al Qaidah" "ISIS" etc..
@truaemusic Buddha said that slavery was unacceptable 1100 years before the slave trader Mohammed came along.
Hmm. Forget about Obama? Bullying anyone who disagreed with his policies? They are just afraid of a black man? If they bring a knife, you bring a gun? Cling to their guns and bibles? Yeah. That idiot white and black guy. Huge racist muslim.
You firstly ban the us agency which points finger on human rights and religion freedom in india,your agencies are rotten fish and rotting world also.only u can do it,anarchism,Islamic terrorism and black white racism won't work,please crush,these are fake democrats but communist
My son, stop being a swine you should be a good muslim and make me proud, apne papa ko idiot bolta hey nakko beta teri maa mardegi tereko.. ja ja ke quran padh
ISIS terrorists do exactly what the Quran and Hadith teaches. Why so many are now crying Islam is not ISIS
I support @RashidaTlaib's freedom of speech. However, it is her Anti-American, Anti-Israel, Anti-Christian, Radical Islamic beliefs that I find offensive coming from a sitting US Congress member. She should be impeached and her citizenship revoked.
right! i’m not a christian woman according to this.
@BDSSupporter There are 1.5 billion Muslims idiot. For the size of their population they contribute virtually nothing.
@sabaajmal380 @ministryofstalk Islam worships a phony nonexistent terrorist god.  They would be better off worshiping rocks.
You were threatened by terrorists in Somalia and went to America and now you want those terrorists to come to America? Funny when Muslim brotherhood talk. They are idiots
RT @NYDailyNews: EDITORIAL: Murderous soul of radical Islam has attacked the foundation of Western civilization http://t.co/vbu2idLCCt http…
So your campaign manager is a radical pakistani does any American know that Asia Bibi a Christian woman has been put in jail for almost a decade over blasphemy charges and she has to leave pakistan to save her life. What a shame you guys has become taking support from radicals..
my dad is a major trump fan and my mom is too but not as radical as him and i ask them, as christians how they could support such a vile person who is also a rapist !!! i also always say “what would jesus do” and it pisses them off lmaoo
once after reading quran, anyone can understand either you are muslim or human. she is panic more than you once realized her neighbour can start jihad against her(telling her qafir) if American qafirs bombed isis poor terrorists. and you don't require to show/proof anything
“He looks Muslim, are you sure he’s Christian?” I didn’t know religion has a standard on how one must look... You’re an idiot. I’m Christian
Idiot you think if PDP give a well respected conservative fulani Muslim ticket that northerners will leave him and vote your Lagos pastor? , you dont Nigerian politics
@MuratKuzgun33 @2fast2igor Terrorists killed whilst committing war crimes in SE History will judge Turkey 4siding with Jihad over humanity
Who hates us man you live in your social media i have very good non muslim friends idiot its ppl like you who they hate for disturbing peace and you have been refuted throughout the world
@98Halima @cdnKhadija @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj @rfrankh53 The logic of a retarded madrassa rat.
You are an extremist who gets to label every Muslim. Should we also label all Hindus as members of terrorist RSS? Idiot!
you reference one idiot and spread misinformation many thousand of Muslim scholars are promoting use of hand sanitizers. It all over in mosques all over the world. I respected as an educated person.
You may not be Muslim but you're still an idiot.
1/2 Have you ever heard of useful idiots &amp; agent provocateurs now here to discredit #BlackLivesMatter just like&gt;&gt;&gt;You do know 5th columnists like Hamas originally a creation of #Israel with Muslim Brotherhood to split the Palestinian struggle #PLO &amp; directly against #Fatah #PFLP
Ahmadis dont follow the fundamentals? Bruh, do you prefer the term liar or just idiot? Please pick one Alright so there's 5 pillars of Islam and 6 articles of Faith - those are the fundamentals and Ahmadis dont consider it a God-given right to change it as we please
World has seen all about Islamic Jihad in 2001 when Osama bin laden, the terrorist brought the twin towers and killed many innocents....the apologist have to accept the truth about barbaric jihadist, else they will be struck in past and perish while Humanity marches ahead.
It’s not a muslim ban you idiot. It’s a ban on security threats, terrorists, threats to America.... oh wait you support that.
AmericansHate Obamas for supporting WTC terrorists to construct a mosque der& HillaryClinton as she is not a woman of substance,or she wud have kicked her husband wen caught in MonicaLewinsky affair InToday's scenario u have to fight China&amp;Islamic terrorism @POTUS is de bestbet
@El_OptiMist @iShewaani Factual evidence? There were never more than 5 million Native American Indians on the North American continent.
In non islamic countries you can't speak against muslims because they are in minority In islamic countries you can't speak against muslims because they are in majority WAKE UP IDIOTS
What you think that quran is the whole word! Naa, it's your world not the actual world! Every body knows about Muslims, they kill innocent and then play victim! Do you think a verse of Quran is a fact! A idiot like you believe that! We don't, it's just a flat earther book!
People who say that muslims obey laws of quran like idiots, dont get the point When u accept islam, you surrender your will to Allah Theres no choice
Islamic terrorists r teaching jihad in madarsa and no question over it. What u mentioned is a choice and doesn't risk life but what madarsa teach is threat to humanity. And u r giving lectures here.
That’s right! I’m a Christian woman who values human life. But I’m also a real woman in that I’m not sure I could carry or keep a baby from my rapist. It’s not only my right- it’s the right to protect a child from their own father. Abortion because you made a mistake? No.
FROM ISLAMIC TERRORISM TO CORONA TO STANDARD BLACK BRUTALITY BY U.S AUTHORITIES... THIS MAKES AMERICA GREAT
The only unpopular ones are the idiot muslims who think they are going to run the world. Try to run the United States and you will meet a bitter end and be served pork sandwiches in the meantime.
It's kinda like the 12 Step program for liberals. Most liberals are not radical leftists. I was raised by Christian warm hearted dems. ALL of my family has completely abandoned the dem party. Like me, they're VERY conservative, support ALL of Bill of Rights.
Idiots like this don’t have courage to live in India, have you ever questioned Imran Khan for Assaulting and butchering Hindus in Pakistan. Why don’t you ask him. What about those Muslim mobs in India, do u know how many people they have killed. #hindu_lives_matter
Plus you are lying. India is mostly Hindu and Sri Lanka is mostly Muslim. Plus Buddhist's don't worship Buddha, idiot. Religious apologists just make stuff up, it's sad. Islamic countries are BY FAR the most violent countries TODAY. It's not even close. #StopLying
Another “fine Christian woman”. I still remember her as a guest on the Kelly File @megynkelly when she was confronted about leaking the debate questions to HRC. She insisted then to being a Christian Woman and wouldn’t hear of the accusations! Who turned out to be right! #fraud
And we live in a country where one can believe what you believe, and someone can believe something else. Don’t be a bigot. You are as worse as the idiots who hate muslims.
How is that any different from idiots saying "Muslims are terrorists" then going Woah Woah I didn't say ALL Muslims If you cast a stereotype don't be surprised when people call it bullshit
There are people suffering there. There is a genocide happening. Fellow Muslims and human beings are being killed and tortured. Don’t even try to compare these things it’s very insensitive and makes you look like an idiot. If you have a problem with anything I just said block me.
Sarah can tell you that ppl who know you know you are a great person who speaks truth to power. For anyone suffering: blk ppl, Jews, Muslims, Palestinians etc. I think you need to ignore these idiots: WE KNOW.
You r still wrong, ur intention was to be secular &amp; I know what is secularism in India esp bollywood where appeasing Muslims is secularism which was thought by idiot nehru FYI Hindus - Temple Christians - Church Muslims - Mosque Buddhists - Monastery Jews - Synagogue etc
So sorry about that idiot who said you can’t use muslim greetings I’m a muslim and there is nothing wrong abou… — omg don't be :-( i get what that person was saying, it sucks when people don't know a religion but still uses som…
Relevant to this argument are counterinsurgency practices in Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Algeria etc. All these counterinsurgency practices, especially in regards to the 4th wave of Islamic terrorism and insurgency, could be studied in contrast to U.S. practice in Iraq, Afghst etc.
All like u r covert islamic terrorism supporters, that's a fact
Imran Khan @path of Julfkar Ali Bhutto.Imran Khan would be hang by the ISI,Pakistani Jihadi Army. Pakistani Army is cruel, rapist&amp;blot on the humanity as well as the assembly of Terrorist's Jihad's Org. History witnessed what cruelty was done by the Pakistani Army in Bangladesh.
No they and their parents and grandparents leave born in Russia and europe. So it's not their homeland. If you want to take the bible promise as political fact today then you are not better than isis terrorists that take Quran as political fact.
Stop spreading lies. There are MANY Christians who do not support your Presidency. We are not all radical, left-wing, never Trumpers.
@xox_saleha @asoodalrafidain Maybe the media didn't have space after reporting the about the thousands murdered by Muslims that week.
ignore them don't let them get to you, they just judgmental idiots, just be you, I've been judged in here also for being a revert, and posting crazy stuff, where all good Muslims,
@PreetamPatil96 - Who are torturing and sending minorities to detention camps - Idiots like you are telling like that. I have many Muslim friends, when I spoke with them about CAA, they never told that by CAA/ NRC, they will be sent to detention camps because they know about CAA
As a Muslim if you find yourself facing rape allegations problem, blame yourself, either you indulge in premarital affairs, fails to adhere to Qur'an (17:32) warning or you try to be a moderate or modern Muslim. If it comes from your wife, Just divorce the idiot &amp; send her back.
Reason why I don't support #BLM. It's not about black lives as much as it's about radical liberalism to undermine Christian heritage and everything American in this country. Also about democratic party trying to win the election at all cost even if it means destroying the nation.
This is what every boot licking enslaved souls of islamic jihad do the best. Regardless of how much u try moron , nobody is gonna take u serously. Coz entir world knows what islamic terrorism n how much damage it brought to human lives of the world.
Why are you idiots still lying about this? The perp has been identified as Albanian origin and wore a crucifix pendant in court, so neither Somalian or Muslim. Shame on you for trying to cause the girls family even more agony. You clearly do not give a shit about the victim.
You are about to be crucified by your own foolishness. The link you shared is to teach idiots like yourself about the sources from where concepts of laws were taken . Indian constitution doesn't have a special law for hindus.but there are laws specifically for muslims
Says the loser of nation who conspired against another nation to get revenge and get east bengal back , only to realize Allah s will when east Bengal became another Pakistan another Muslim country on the map .. thank you India .. you’ve been as idiot as always
Lol, you are the person who knows nothing about Islam... You said groups like ISIS are terrorist Groups BUT you are also agreeing that STONING People to DEATH for Adultery is in the Holy Books... Which Means all the Terrorist Groups are Obeying d Quran
No guts yet to interact?...It is you all and your filthy leaders that planned the massacre of Muslims and destruction of Islam...And want no one to expose you idiots so to cause hindrance in your evil plans..Bloody hypocrites..losers..
You are proud to hindu but you are not even safe from islamic terrorism rising in india under the shelter of secularism. You people have to be aware about islamic terrorism &amp; its future mission in india to destroy the country. Except ban quran &amp; hadith from india u arn't safe..
@HuffPostRelig Regarding slavery. The slaves in America were initially sold by Muslim slavers. Christians got rid of slavery on their own.
@Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa @eS3udi @JRehling I have four translations of the Quran. It is a murderous, hate mongering piece of filth.
you really need to read up on the methods used by radical leaders of the past to build support for tyrannical governments... and particularly the support among white Christians who felt threatened by minority groups... be warned it’s unpleasant.
Also PS on the Christian values notes: When I say it’s not very jesus I mean the man had some issues with ableism but for the most part he was radical enough for the state to kill him and tolerant af he wouldn’t support queerphobia in his name... also he’s probably brown.
vengeance from 9/11 on the lives of millions of innocent Muslims abroad. (And, in fact, now know that the U.S. CREATED radical Islamic terrorism, again, to support its own financial interests).
idiot it is 100 percent muslim area and maximum cases in the city are from this area . Please remove "debate on facts " in your bio if you yourself dont give facts.
You are supporting China though? So it's better that the muslims are slaving away? Steam was hosting a huge event. Epic is partly owned by CHINA. A wise man once said: "It's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but impossible with an idiot" let that sink in.
Go to Iraq to kill people? Damn slave minded idiots! "Please don't kill me Sir! Kill Muslims!" Racism against to racism? You are this!!! So, they will go on to kill you and you will go on to beg them!!! #BlackOutTuesday #BlackLivesMattters
RT @AviMayer: If you're surprised to learn Israel-haters @AliAbunimah and @MaxBlumenthal are promoting a vicious anti-Semite, you aren't pa…
As if that's not more than enough for any kid to put up with, they have idiots like you to deal with. I can't work out whether you're stupid or just plain nasty. Probably both. Delete your account.
I have to defend my 1689 bros for a min. Many accuse 89ers of being radical on politics and importing it into orthodoxy. Here is an @1689er that says I’m far from Christ because I said a Christian can’t support infanticide/trans 8 year olds. See? 89ers CAN be idiot leftists.
You’re an IDIOT! This is what the Muslims scream before they kill people. It’s not spiritual. Their god is not holy or clean. Racist? Go hide in the basement with your hero, the real racist Joe Biden
Idiot - You obviously missed the part about the country having different tribes not to mention that Nigeria has a large Muslim population
Any body saying RSS a terrorist organisation, has terrorism in his DNA. They fear RSS because their JIHAD(inhuman activities) is threatened by RSS(humanity).
Mrs presstitude this is Islamic terrorism unleashed on hindu in presence of police and well supported by u didn't heard sound maar Shoaib maar #SoniaSena #AntiHinduNCP #AntiHinduCongress
@samerissawi1 @MaxBlumenthal I pray that the lying criminal bitch goes to prison.
Haha.. How idiot you are, Mr Nishant arsehole .. The person who was arrested for the case is a Vilson. He is a Christian Farmer. There is no connection for this case to Muslims in Kerala. Shame on you.
Traitor Trump just gave @rushlimbaugh the Medal of Freedom for his staunch support of Fascism and the destruction of the Human Rights of anyone who isn't a Whites, Straight, radical fake Christian male.
What an idiot. Slavery goes back to the beginning of history and probably beyond. The Romans, Vikings, Irish were all slavers and the worst of all are/were the Muslims whose prophet made it official doctrine. And just in case you are not up to date. This shows the problem today
U people don't even know what Hindutva is and talking about it..better talk about Islamic extremism, Islamic jihad n Islamic terrorism
If your neighbors are terrorist what would your do? Get killed yourself for the sake of humanity of terrorist? Preach your community people to denounce terror/Jihad it may be more effective. Anyways most of these terror units are funded from your region. R u covering up for them?
Salute to you sir always @atahasnain53 these idiots play hindu /muslim riuning integrity of nation https://twitter.com/atahasnain53/status/1272055086831656962
This convo just happened with an older Christian woman at work: Her: What you think about TD Jakes? Me: No comment H: What about his daughter M: No comment right now H: Keeps pressing me M:I was trying not to go there but, he is a broad way motivational teacher bc he is lawless
You Idiot. For 2 years you've been intentionally calling it a Muslim ban when it's not. #ilhanelmi
CHRISTIAN? You RADICAL RELIGIOUS RIGHT people support a man who is about as Christian as a dirty diaper. SHAME ON YOU fake people supporting a fake POTUS. Ask him how many abortions he provided to the women he accidentally impregnated. Yeah...he's Christian.
Christians in general are not welcomed in Israel. Zionists and radical jews hate Christianity. I will never understand why Christians support Israel. Politically it doesn’t make sense but even in a theological debate it wouldn’t make sense...
@yuskan0723 The prophet Mohammed was a caravan robber who declared war on all humanity. Hope the Jews recover their stolen land.
@dankmtl But no Muslims stop any other Muslims from carrying out their genocide. They only aid and applaud them.
@Assiye61 I already read the entire Quran. It is a piece of filth, hatred, violence, sexism, and bigotry.
@Michaelplates Maybe you should teach that respect to the Muslim hate mobs who murder Christians and Hindus for pretended blaspemy.
I support your statement. We are with you Someshji please continue the braveness to expose reality of Muslim ruling and bigotry of today's communist ,liberals, Secular idiots. Muslims ruled more than 6 centuries still why Muslims are poor in India ?!
We as Muslims are not allowed to say RIP for someone who dies as a Non-Muslim but you fucking idiots are not even allowed to make fun of someone's death, whatever the religion he/she belongs to.
You are rlly out of mind .u just said indian mslms r living in with hind culture , now frm where it's come (their are no hindu/muslim) culture. you can't face me (#Türks )&amp; opening ur mouth 4 @RTErdogan ,an idiot m indset ,i heard #Talibn coming in r you alive
You’re a fake Christian. You can’t have it both ways. You support an evil leader. Cult45 Radical Republican Fascism.
what i know is that America killed millions and millions Muslims and Indians,and there have tremendous evidence could prove. But you are blaming others based on imagination like an idiot. Good luck, bro, hoping you eat more and find your brain
brother-in-law Terrorist organizations like ISIS, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Mujahideen etc. were formed by Muslim people. The first flag of the Quran is written on the black flag of these organizations. Purpose: - To kill someone who worships someone other than Allah.
Do u heard abt radical Islamic terrorism ? R u its part ?
And of course all of these idiots dont do this for the countless atrocities that go on outside of America/the west. Erdogan shooting rubber bullets at a pride parade, apparent genocides of muslims in china and myanmar, etc. Can you imagine if America did that
typical Twitter left wing haters. WE know they support the radical muslim stuff. They ban christians and conservatives..northing new.
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec I pray daily &amp; consider myself a good Christian woman. I don’t need to be in a building for the Lord to hear my prayers. With this pandemic, I don’t feel my first amendment right is being infringed upon.
When you have juveniles on Twitter with zero knowledge on international relations and geopolitics, stuff like that is bound to happen. Best we ignore these idiots. #Pakistan is a peacemaker in the Islamic world. It will never take the side of one Muslim country against the other.
Capitalism works for the money while Jesus’s kingdom is for the poor people. and then you see those Christian hypocrites who support capitalism attack socialists as ‘too radical’
What does being a Muslim have to do with any of this u idiot?! I'm a Muslim too stop using religion to act like some victim for kpop. This has nothing to do with Islam?! You're just involving our religion to get someone dragged?
Idiots. That is not my point. What I am saying is that you have no room to comment about what word should've have been used when you don't know the language. Non Arabic speaking Muslims know what it means through being taught the correct interpretation
Anytime we tried to leave and explore beyond, it was like "haaaayyy where you going??? Go back to your sandbox now" Things like: - How come ISIS, AlQaida, Bokoharam, Talban, Wahabies, Brotherhood, and other terrorist cite the Quran and Hadith?
Flynn previously worked for the Obama Admin. The two were in opposing conflict re major National Security concerns, i.e. Islamic Terrorism, ISIS, Iran, China. Flynn planned to use his insider knowledge of the most corrupt admin in U.S. history to effect proper reform.
Ha ha ! Irony in religious & gender harmony D Major : a Christian woman defending a Hindu man allegedly defaming a Muslim man allegedly harassing women. We must be doing some things right !
Shameless country Shameless PM. Are they animals? They don't nothing about humanity,.. Jihad is (fariz) upon Indian's Modi government is biggest terrorist in this world #ShameOnModi
“Only God can judge the heart” is an excuse for Christians to support people doing clearly evil things. We were told to judge them by their fruit, were we not?
If the photo wasn't shared by @sambitswaraj it would have been in the list of pulitzer nomination showing failure of India and Indian Army to protect common man. And Imp Y didn't u write Article on death due to pak sponsored islamic terrorism.?
I am a boomer. I am a white Christian woman. I never had an abortion, but believe that every woman has her own right to decide for herself that choice. Gay or straight marriage is between 2 consenting adults. Pot should be legal in every state.
Living in history is a disease Tiny Extremist muslim countries like Turkey, Pakistan, Libya etc have today turned into failed states You people today are living on the mercy and inventions of others You have to understand you are not that big a deal today Idiots
There is no #LDS doctrine to support or explain the radical premise (likely inspired by esoteric Kabbalism) that God evolved from humankind. Over the years, the church has distanced itself more and more from this idea and has made efforts to prioritize its 'Christian values'.
Nothing is more funny then a pakistani talking about human & humanity. First see urself what ur contry is doing with us. Supporting terrorism, sending terrorist to india for bomb blast, killing innocent ppl for fake jihad. Stop spreading hatred &amp; violence then talk abt humanity.
Notice that I said RADICAL Christians are bad people. Not all Christians are bad people. Lizzo, Demi Lovato and Dolly Parton (I'm sure there are more examples) are really nice and openly support LGBTQ+ rights!
As far as Hindu terrorists in concerned , there is no such term except recited by few liberals like u in hate of Hindus. On the other hand google/news and world is full of Islamic terrorism word with details of all deeds of Osama types,ISIS, Pak,Hizbuls,Lashkars, Gazwae Hind etc.
Really? Because in the original she's laughing at the fact she's asked about 9/11. You do understand the speech she gave at CAIR that lead to the "some ppl did somthing" quote was LITERALLY TALKING ABOUT YOU IDIOTS THINKING EVERY MUSLIM IN EXISTENCE NEEDS TO APOLOGIZE FOR IT?
@miakhalifa you are the fxukk and idiot girl in the world...dont blame to muslim if you not muslim
The AIB was attacked by the Christain Community for making jokes on Christ. A Komedian was attacked for making jokes on murrah of muslims. That time why didn't you sympatheties with them?im sure they got atleast one death threat like we had this idiot #shubhammishra
Do u mean Islam is not religion? What about Islamic terrorism,isis,alqaida and hundreds of Islamic terror organisation
Lol sorry I can't debate with 10th fail idiot. I'm pretty sure you get 0 in history paper. He didn't start sikhism becoz his not happy with Hinduism. He started new religion becoz hindu-Muslim fighting with each on their religious beliefs.
What can I saw , it's a popular religion . Oh wait you think all people are forced to become muslim . Your an idiot .
@watan71969 You are a total liar, just like your pedophile prophet. UN soldiers don't burn people alive.
If u think that’s what Islam is than u are sadly wrong. You are not educated enough on Islam to talk about it. You cannot believe what u see on tv or read in the paper. Remember there are radical Christians too. But that doesn’t mean all Christians support
@khanumarfa If you can malign 7 Cr. Brahmins on the basis of 21K random people whom u choose as per ur convenience. Then don't stop us when we will shout Islamic terrorism on the basis of thousands of jihadi terrorists. #Islam @RatanSharda55 @prafullaketkar @ippatel @TIinExile
On the other hand, you have the Taliban, ISIS, Al-queada, and the Muslim Brotherhood to name a few, that are all Islamic terrorist organizations. I don’t see Christians going around beheading children in the name of Allah. The Quran is shit, deal with it Turko
Why is ISIS obsessed with beheadings? Because their terrorist prophet Mohammed had 600 men beheaded in one day.#Islam http://t.co/ZKqZuyyhjS
RT @disgruntledtory: If christianity is banned in Muslim countries, why do we allow Islam here? Just asking
Over half of Briton’s hold islamophobic views. The idea that the police are favoring Muslims is laughable. The massive majority of rape &amp; paedophilia in the UK is by white men. Idiots like you don’t care about victims. You only care about the Muslim part.
A Christian woman was stripped naked, beaten &amp; paraded through the streets by radical Hindu aka RSS . The group burned her house before they "dragged her out onto street. India is becoming a dangerous place" for ministries. God forbid. Now where is human right @UN_Women Alas.
Same idiots are in India also there us one video in which the man distributing foodstuff refused to give to a woman who was looking like a Muslim lady. Tarek Sahab this world is full of such types of people but there are nice people too, like you, who always these types of issues
@halalflaws @biebervalue @greenlinerzjm The women convert to Islam because they marry Muslim men. Men convert in prison.
In the 1960's it was great and a beautiful state, but since you allowed so many Muslims and ppl elected an idiot for Governor, I think it is a hellhole.
@congressman_aly It's not just a few Muslims, it's more than half. http://t.co/URibpAnTcs
Great words! Why can't we vocal about the need to punish the barbarians terrorists soaked in the Jihad and murder of humanity? We totally stand by our Forces: Hunt those Fanatics down in their den. Call it S Strike or Other - our Forces decide.But stand up. No need to mince words
@MaxBlumenthal @CarolineFourest No matter how desperately race baiting trash like you want Islam to be a race, it's not.
@HuffingtonPost This shows utter disregard to Humanity by Terrorists. They even force women &amp; children on war front in the name of jihad.
Sending my love and support for the people of Venezuela I hope that you be protected from our radical Christian government
Why am I not shocked. 0 proof that ANTIFA has been involved in any terrorists actions. While Obama's DOJ left ample proof that white winged domestic terror is the number one cause in the U.S. and Trump ignored it and turned the focus on "radical Islamic terrorism".
No sir, u r sad bcoz the victim card u guys usually play like in case of pellet victims,asifa,safoora etc is reversed in this case..nd the catch point is that u can't even condemn this islamic terrorism even for posturing.
@sasapetricic Must be hard on ISIS. Now they can't rape her anymore or make a propaganda film of her execution.
Use Muslim shower. You idiots.
Anyway you agreed that it was a church before mosque. Very good. So you idiot don't know the fact that the Muslims invaded Andalusia and persecuted Christians there. The Islamic fascist rulers pulled many tactics to remove Christians from Cordoba.
Please stop all types of help and support to terrorist country pakistan. They are real cancer for humanity . We have to clear this cancer together to save Human race from this curse of Jihad and terrorism. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXvmqSzhuGk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhaPd-7uPXM
Islamic terrorism is a fact . Blood jihad is a reality . And so are u ... people who defend all wrongs . Bigots .
Sir, you cannot be a true follower of Jesus and support hatred, greed and lies poured out daily by so conservative Christians. Jesus was a radical - teaching loving kindness, generosity and compassion for all. God has a long memory for those who betray Jesus’ teaching. Repent.
@New_Babylonia This is propaganda. The Shia militia are religious fanatics and fascists just like ISIS - only slightly less extreme.
Honestly we wouldn't have given you the attention you're craving for but put this at the back of your mind,you're an idiot,a loser and a psycho. It takes alot of foolishness for someone who claim to be a Muslim to be fighting with clear words of Allah publicly without having....
imagine still being Muslim .. bitch u praying to the ka'aba when its virtually impossible u stupid morons. they only used to do that cause their dumbasses thought the earth was flat you fucking idiot dumbass . fuck you , whores
you’re an illiterate idiot if u think that. alm is a JOKE alm is something white people use to pretend they’re oppressed whereas sunnis AND shias are BOTH getting killed. is MUSLIM genocide you bumbling idiot
EDL and UKIP twitter raging over a Tesco ad about halal meat is so funny. These idiots actually believe that eating halal meat makes you Muslim
Unfortunately, if Christians don't align with conservatives and the Republican Party... ...America will be taken over by radical left socialists, who also support the genocide of abortion. If socialism takes root and is implemented, America will be destroyed.
Are you idiot or bigot? Manipur is a part of india, why can't we raise the issues in our own nation. All lives matter but any Indian life is more important than any hindu or sikh or muslim from another country.
Oh right i forgot you were a good Christian woman I’m sorry for putting this filth on your timeline
RT @RavenHUWolf: Bloodthirsty Muslims flock to ISIS' theatre that loop jihadi atrocities they enjoy watching. http://t.co/c96V6MwGnz http:/…
You do know that terrorists groups like ISIS, AlQaeda, Boko Haram draw their inspiration &amp; cite from Quran?
Because the Democrats have become radical leftists. How can they condone people who support terrorists infiltrating our government? Many more of these terrorists are running for office in 2020! America is not a sharia law Country! America doesn’t hate Jews &amp; Christians!
Black Lives Matter is not a saying to show your support for black people! It is a radical, far leftist, hate-filled group with outrageous demands and a divisive agenda. Well meaning folks, even Christian, are displaying this evil slogan. Research before using this phrase.
@MsIntervention Europe needs to expel their Muslim immigrants.
My mother was a very devout Christian woman who made her views very plain when she was able to. It was non-negotiable for her so regardless of your opinion, it was the right thing for our family.
So does that mean you support radical Muslim freedom expression or should this be restricted to Christians?
muslim people embarrass me. you idiots use this “what about the middle east” buIIshit everytime blm is bought up, as if somalia was not one of the hardest hit countries due to bombing. don’t use the struggles of middle eastern people to hid the fact that you are RACIST.
You fuckin idiot LMAO “attracted” to Islam.... is Islam a fashion trend to you or—???? He converted to Islam because it was his calling. Because he felt right and safe within it. There is nothing to “benefit” you moron. Us Muslims are slaves to Allah and ONLY Allah.
It's unbelievable the way that journalists fall all over themselves to make excuses for the barbarity of Islam. Not one has read the Quran.
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost Don't complain about bigotry when you practice a religion of bigotry. http://t.co/VnG32SFEes
Hey @PeteButtigieg You can't say it's "immoral" for Christians not to support radical environmentalism when you support killing children in abortions up to birth. Until you stop supporting abortion you have no moral authority.
ISIS, all other terrorists organization, love jihad, forced conversion, sex slaves, forced marriage, murder lynching r living testimonials of d doctrine B4 each rape, conversion, muder, terrorism, OLA UBER is heard being shouted @top of der voice Complying quran 4 72 hoors
These generals should be help responsible for the GENOCIDE Ethiopian mil committed in Mogadishu, Somalia. When will you or the useless idiots in BBC write or advocate for the Somali people? I forgot. You guys are slaves for the colonizer and killers of Muslim in Somalia. Pathetic
Until the Muslims get what they want. The it is off the building with you useful idiot.
As a naturalized citizen and a Muslim, I think you are an idiot and hopefully, you can find some meaning in your life to move forward without hate.
@DawlatnaMansura He says while immersed in Kufiri invented and built devices.
As do I. Which is why I support the First Amendment with respect to the establishment of religion. I do know that about radical Islam. But don’t Christians share the same belief? The DOJ is currently considering whether Christian employers can mandate that women wear skirts. 1/2
This jesus boy is truly an idiot what makes you think I'm a Muslim. Clown
There are no Muhammad statues because Muslims worship God and not a Statue. If you did your research you wouldn’t of looked like an idiot right now
Not to dismiss Radical Islamic Terrorism nor any extremism for that matter but white supremacist domestic terrorism has killed far more people in the U.S.
It was 7 years ago and they already apologized. And Luhan is from China. Did you know that China is a country that oppresses Muslims even though they do nothing? So, there's a big problem there. Keep this fucking information in your head and stop talking like an idiot, idiot
@palmeye @Rudd1971 Since 90% of Muslim civilians are killed by Muslim terrorists, you Avatar is just propaganda.
@ibnabdulmajid The inmates of Aushwitz didn't fire rockets at anyone. And the Muslims loved the Nazis.  Fail!
Prove your claim that Islam as a religious terrorist, show me one statement from Al Quran that command a moslem to do violences. If you refer to Al Qaeda or ISIS, they are is not moslem yet Islam. The victim of ISIS are mostly from moslem itself...
We've had a few terrorist attacks recently, Muslims every time That don't mean all Muslims are terrorists, but if you go looking for a terrorist in eg the Chinese community you're an idiot Many (prob most) black Londoners support the police btw Stopping murders trumps all
Wow aren't you a hateful person. Let me guess- you're a Christian, right? Only a Christian woman would say something so hateful.
Quran(9.29) In quran allah clearly orders to kill non-believers untill they convert and collect tax, this is same ISIS terrorist are doing. Force conversion is clearly mention here and you are lying.
Everyone who opposes Trump is “a radical, leftist, socialist, crazed maniac”. Those who support Trump is a “Christian, patriot, America First person”. Trump has never committed a crime, told a lie, obstructed justice. Trump a saint. Parscale, you’re insane.
“You can fool some people some of the time but you cannot fool all people all the time”. Farzand e Zardari @BBhuttoZardari is trying to stay relevant by saying or doing anything that can get him a few minutes on the idiot box
@jukes303 It's basically an empty excuse that leftists and Muslims use for their anti US bigotry.
Dar Yasin,Mukhtar Khan & Channi Anand won Pullitzer for justifying Islamic terrorism,Voilence in name of Religion and challenging India's territorial integrity. Rahul Gandhi endorsed it! He's contesting as Cong Party's PM candidate in 2024. I mean if this doesn't scare u...
The IRGC thugs have been slaughtering &terrorizing minorities in Iran for 41 year. These thugs carried out Khomeini’s jihad against the Kurds killing thousands. Any fund from any nation to this terrorist organization is a crime against humanity.
@AsimSBajwa You appears to be a moderate educated Muslim young upcoming leader of Pakistan. Is this kind of Pakistan you would want? East Pakistan was lost because of idiots like Tikka Khan. Do something before it’s too late.. protect innocents before they pick up guns
In all seriousness tho, to all the Muslims in the start of a relationship make sure your intentions are right, if you do meet try having a friend there, if you’re a guy don’t be an idiot and pressure her to do something she’s uncomfortable with
RT @stardust193: Australian Preacher Incites to Jihad against the Jews: "They Are the Most Evil Creatures of Allah" #Australia #Islam https…
There was this christian woman who drank from the well in afghanistan, and then said something bad about mohammad, and they had her killed, a few months ago That surely is against her human rights no?
Abe sale pura duniya under threat hai re bewakoof . Bill gates ne sab ki mara hai aur tum log hindu muslim krteho . The whole world is fucked open your eyes,you will be vaccinated by fuck shit and they will paralyse you . Brainless idiots.#Hindus_Under_Threat
@Ali_Gharib @NuritBaytch In what way is Blumenthal Jewish, other than by birth. Answer the question.
When have I blamed it on a whole ethnic group? That would be the media and you idiots who insisted on calling them ‘Asian’ instead of Muslim. You tarred the Chinese, Japanese, Indian etc all with the same brush. Projecting much?
Its not a no muslim ban again. You must be a idiot not to understand that
Good Christian woman that you so profess to be now, right? How about you run for President and show us what you got?
You fucking Russian idiot - For the rest of you - Obama has NO riots. He Did not BABBLE about Antifa. He also did not praise you, the KKK and other NEO NAZIS. He KILLED bin Laden, not everyone remotely Muslim. FUCK OFF PUTIN. Oh, he didn’t do this https://twitter.com/crazyberniee/status/1273065062337560576
If Quran teaches humanity than why ISIS,lashkar-e-Taiba,Jaish-e-mohammad &amp;many more terrorist groups exist !!
So? He has a right. He doesn't even HAVE 2 answer their questions. How many times u heard politician say "No Comment". U have misconception press ppl are GODS. Guess what lady? THEY AREN'T. For "Christian woman" u claimed 2be when u got caught cheating ur a Hypocrite #ShamOnYou
And I do not calculate all other Muslims. YOU SAID THAT. So, do you calculate all other Muslims. In my "Gun Nut" group, there are about 5 Muslims that would say you're an idiot.
You have adhered to a far right radical Christian Right. This is what is causing 90% of the issue. I am a Christian. I am not a radical right Christian. I support Pete Buttigieg who is a practicing Christian. He does not practice hate. He demonstrates humility, service, and love.
You literally accepted, that the genocide of kashmiri pandit was done in 1990. Wow! That's what most muslims are denying since then. I'm gonna keep a SS and post this next time any of you idiots claim nothing was done to Kashmiri pandits.
I will sue you bastard idiot pig. You hacked muslim life. You kill iran commander...ccto all my muslim fighter around the world .warm our weapon .testing.i love launch nuclear bomb at my muslim enemy..ccto iran turkey Pakistan ...ameen
@tummala82 @YusufPeaceful @IndyVoices Exactly. http://t.co/54DHgqBS3B
RT @Kypsta: France is on the verge of major cultural backlash against even moderate Islam. The tension has built for decades. The line has …
#शाहीन_बाग_की_बिकाऊ_औरते was a apt trend for Low lifes sitting their and insulting hinduism Just coz nazis used it it became a bad thing ? Osama to Baghdadi all use Quran to Attract terrorists and justify killings, wud u dare to declarw Quran as bad and say its an ISIS book now
@LifeInKhilafah Daesh price list for Yezidi and Christian sex slaves. http://t.co/H4ELrfxhSm
I talked to one yesterday said to me Muslims are taking over us. Well yeah they own foxnews idiot. Just standup for your own you will be ok. So the fight is religious between muslim and christianity. Just stop the damn fight. They came here for safety not taking over. Take a step
U missed a main point - Rise of Radical islamic Terrorism and it's threat to whole world
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews So you think you can hate all people of a certain ideaology - but not if it's Islam.
U need a million strong audience when u need to tell the world about the scourge of Radical Islamic Terrorism, don’t you?
@cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 @98Halima @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj You do understand that Mohammed was a sexist? http://t.co/LQAdLVAXCw
If it was a Muslim class, you would@have had sandwiches delivered - you anti-semitism idiot
hello miss Shukla, correct ur words Jihad is the pious word it's not terrorism, Jihad means to fight against injustice, fight for peace, fight for humanity, fight for rights and to fight wid ur own greed. And Kashmiris may be Jihadis but not terrorist. Mind it
Not only America best when remaining secular & respecting all religions. In Islam, for example, terrorists take passages out of context to justify jihad &amp; crimes against humanity. Sessions quoting Biblical passage used to justify slavery to justify separating kids/parents tragic.
A so called “ Christian “ woman does not make what you call an “ honest mistake “ mocking a stutterer.... oh that’s right.. nitwits like you defended Trump when he mocked the disabled reporter... eff off!
You can support homosexuals abusing kids, but you can't do that and still claim to be a Christian. This was a position barack obama considered too radical &amp; far left in 2008 btw
Today, if you say Radical Izlamic Extremist, you’ll be labelled as “racist/bigoted/etc.”.. same thing goes with Christians, less but it goes.. But, if you say Hindu Extremist/Hindutva/Hindu Terrorist, you’ll get lauded and support from other HINDUS.. How shameful is that!
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov But Islam keeps trying to return to the 7th century.
some Muslims are ignorant to the fact that there can be different religions its stated in the Quran "you have your religion i have mine" some live by that we are told to respect everyone despite their religion,color,sexuality some people are just idiots im not looking for a fight
& you found Brittany respectful? Why the narcissist American want to be with a Muslim in his country? Who made her the Advocate for American women in Jordan? I can assume that as an idiot who fucked sugar daddies, she didn't do no research about Muslims in Muslim countries.
Pandering almost always doesn't end well, BLM muslims or Chicoms. Once you stop being useful idiot, they don't need you.
A great job of lying to the American public. I wonder how this god fearing christian woman is going to go home and look her children in the eyes and try to teach them right from wrong when she just spent the last two years lying, manipulating and covering up for corrupt idiots.
I completely agree with that. We have separation of church and state for that reason, but many Christians (not me), want to decide our reproductive rights. They need to stay out of it. If a Christian woman doesn’t want abortions, then I say don’t have them.
It’s just a label. Same way saying “maghrebi twitter is a mess” doesn’t negate the fact that the person tweeting it is Maghrebi. Muslim twitter is just a twittersphere where you find Muslims. Some have a brain and some are idiots. Emphasis on the latter, unfortunately.
Every time i hear someone say idiot in a british accent i remember the "not all muslims are from islam you idiot"
They were always classified as Muslims you utter idiot. The number refers to 32 000 MUSLIMS killed. Muslims were later recognized as BOSNIAKS, they were always recognized as MUSLIMS prior. You asked for a source, you got it, sorry it doesn't suit you.
You see this is exactly why we need to fight anti semites like you, this is nothing to do with Israel ( which by the the way is a beautiful place where Jews and muslims live side by side) its about left wing white BLM idiots who immediately say Israel when it jews are mentioned
Why your brother from Bangladesh and mynamar come to India.They are the worst poorest on Earth.Why do you want to go to Europe because muslims made their own country hell by terrorism. You idiot don't know about hindi it is from Sanskrit the oldest of all languages.
What Modi is doing there is protocol you idiot . It’s done by all nations . Even with weaker and poorer ones lol. Arabs are worshiping Modi literally . Also most of the workers there are paki Muslims . Many billionaires in Arabia are Indians too . While none are paki or bongs .
@BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime That is why we are going secular, microbrain. And Islam is as disgusting as ever.
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri The only thing that stopped Muslim slaughter in historical past was military defeat.
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab U hv religious sharia law. U give no religious freedom to non Muslim. U have religious Umma. U pray for Muslim brotherhood. We pray for humanity U never speak against genocide due Islamic terrorism but we do. Ur silence has caused all “Islamophoba” not us
If you did your research you wouldn’t need to be educated the National language of Somalia is Somali, idiot. Arabic is there because majority are muslim.
@dankmtl Hell, Palestinian Muslim assholes like this clearly state their intentions of religious jihad against Jews and you tell them that .
If you have a problem with your idiot mayor leave Islam out of it! Don't think for a moment that your immigrant mayor gives 2 cents about Islam! Your only offending the Muslims who actually think Sadik is a lowlife!
What an idiot! I think you're blind. OK handsome Muslim vs ugly hindus
Idiot what i asked you?? Are all this related to any riots?? How many bombings has been done by muslim community? whatever these guys did is wrong but it never started any riots you genius
@ChickfilA , we eat at your restaurant a couple a times a week BECAUSE you didn’t support these radical LBGQTRXUCUP organizations. Don’t bend to these idiots. They will and still do, HATE us Christians.
@LadyVelvet_HFQ Being Muslim 2nd Largest population in World. Whole World is scared of Islamic Terrorism.Pakistan is sending Terrorists in India so would appreciate if u will ask them to stop sending them and close all Terrorists organizations in Pakistan.
Catholic-Pagan you klod. Also imagine defending an idiot who's offended over a silly joke...when the guy who said it is Muslim himself.
So we are supposed to support this radical anti-American Christian hater??? How awful for the officer and his family.
As is only right for a Christian woman.
A Muslim man can marry a Christian woman. As far as rights . A woman does have rights. A lot of these countries are oppressive to women and can be extreme in their laws. I personally feel like culturally people see differently. I have rights over my husband .
@GovMikeDeWine Who are you to take away our CONSTITUTIONAL rights away? Going to church? If we can go to Walmart we can go to church. You are a disgrace to the human race. I’m a Christian woman but right now I am angry and have every right to be
I do believe in Quran and I know I was human.I'm taking about you an idiot .I said hind are converted monkey to hind .you are different kind of species. Monkey to hind . But we Muslims adam and hawa to muslims . but monkey are always monkey .You never forget your ancestors
That's right, she stands as a Christian woman who lies. @PressSec
@Brown_Saraah Terrorism has been the core of Islam ever since the fraudulent prophet Mohammed invented it.
I find it rather interesting that as practicing Christians, how anyone can support The UN, globalist, or radical islam. Christianity is the antithesis of these.
Also, when a journalist was taken captive by isis, he didn’t see a single Quran in there, and the terrorists didn’t pray their 5 daily prayers
@rayyoosheh @waffle_gurl What race is Islam, nut case?
@MiddleEastEye If you want to understand ISIS, understand Islam. They are exactly the same.
Wondering... List of UN designated terrorist organization... Bokoharam, ISIS, al-qaeda, Hamas, harkat-ul-MUJAHDEEn... What's common to all these terror groups.. - Quran and Islam Most of these terror groups rape Kafir women - Yazidis , Christian, Hindus, Buddhist.....
Time for humanity to unite for a jihad against terrorists.Appeal to all Muslim clergy to issue fatwa against them #fatwaagainstterrorists
@HomeForHomeless Who cares what her motive was if she served humanity? At least she didn't turn them into #Jihad #terrorists! #motherteresa
He Puerto Rican lol... but you right... but I wouldn’t mind seeing his non dancing self doing this inside my.... oop nvm I’ve said too much and I forgot that it is the lords day and I’m a Christian woman.
lol yeah. Before Islam all I know it was called "the northern place"and Nabi Younus's (Jonah) grave was there til a few years ago ISIS blew it up. When Mohammed was alive he didn't go on conquests. Arabic came from the Quran and he was never illiterate like terrorist Islam claims
Well you radicals stop reverting to that to justify your own hate. We get it radical muslims don't support homosexuals. But you radical Christians kill more gays and trans people in the states then and Muslim american.
Hardly a pro woman, pro LGBT, pro choice organisation when you platform a conservative Christian woman who has a long history of working with the Heritage Foundation, ADF, trying to block abortion rights in Kenya and has written extensively against same sex marriage.
Why is it that UN are keeping quite over the killing of Christians in Nigeria. A 70 years Christian woman was rapped early this morning and beheaded by Fulani herdsmen in a place called Ebonyi in the Eastern Nigeria. It is the right time to divide so that Christians can have peac
Not sure I follow you, surely it's more hypocritical for a Christian woman to have premarital sex rather than not, but you're right it's extraordinary to remain a virgin till marriage although I wasn't necessarily talking about Christians, I think atheists can also conclude this
@rayyoosheh The reason that there are still Muslims and not Jews and Christians is due to Muslim brutality.
Not getting into the whole convo, seeing that you're a good Christian woman, but I respectfully told them every reason why they wouldn't see me in a church and refuted all their talking points. Ended with "all that matters is we're good to each other, right?! Good day."
You are wrong here brother', don't compare Zaira wasim with "Suar" face Tarek Fateh, a Pakistani idiot man who does not love his own country. Now this "Suar" face man is creating the new problems everyday for indian Muslims।।
Woo Colbert went innnn in on Bolton!! LOL but like you literally bragged about a war that left thousands of Muslims dead and here you are writing a book about Trump. Are we supposed to say thanks? Tell all book my ass . Nothing to reveal about Trump . He's a tell all idiot
This is called creative to you. Then u must be truly an idiot just like the Malay young punk. If a Non Muslim was to put a creative photo of your God and make it look like its fun. U will just keep quiet? No Muslims will report it to Police
That dumbass, radical, religious, demonic fraud...isn't a Christian. And the EVILGELICALS, who support, the Orange Turd Antichrist...aren't Christians...either. The end!
Ha ha you proved my Point. Land into religion search and try playing communal. Unlike you they don't support ISIS (like you do to RSS). Will find many muslims here. Ask them. And read tweet until your Dirty mind understand &amp; then reply. I never support bombing idiot. Read.
Islam is a ideology a bad one May I say. I never said all Muslims are terrorist because they are not. There are a select few Muslims that follow the Quran seriously and believe everything it says, These few Muslims are people like ISIS
For every Terrorist that is a black dot on the name of Jihad... INDIA has a Salim who comes as the saviour and definition of Humanity
How idiots think You’re using a narrative that isn’t real to disguise your inner racism and hatred for all Muslims. People weren’t born yesterday
Almost a decade ago now, I would watch your guys’ videos every morning before school. You guys were a pivotal voice for me through middle & high school & college. As a young Christian woman in ministry now, you’re right: my heart is sad. But I will always love you both... (1/?)
@SpeakerPelosi you say the president does not know right from wrong you want to kill babies in and out the womb do you know right from wrong you say you're a Catholic a Christian woman you're no Christian details about you say okay let's let children die to border
The problem with this is that is absolved hamas a terrorist organization of its actions in Gaza that was not a protest or a riot is was jihad and anyone who sides with Jihadist or sympathizes with killers is a serious issue to humanity.
@Julius_S_Malema @EFFSouthAfrica It's funny how u idiots can't differentiate between church $mosque.Everything is church.When are u addressing muslims so that I can prepare http://myself.No wonder why you didn't understand the importance of woodwork and drawing at school.
Twitter india is managed by islamic terrorists. U say something agnst islamic terrorism and they will block you.but u can say anything abt other religions.
@DavidRomeiPHD @ALWiss5 Anything an American does defines America, anything a Muslim does is an aberration? Idiot!
I pray to one GOD, I Believe in Prophet Muhammad s.a.w.w being last Prophet I read Quran This terrorist minded typical illiterate man is calling me and "ALL SHIA's" non Muslim. hahaha What is #Islam then? Alqaida ISIS, TaLIBAN?
The Lord is punishing us cause radical Christians @JerryFalwellJr @PastorDScott @robertjeffress @Franklin_Graham @Paula_White ignored the Lord's directive 1 Timothy 3 and support you Anti Christ @realDonaldTrump
RT @TRobinsonNewEra: In Australia, their tax money helps finance their country's own destruction by terrorists:: https://t.co/zwWlcAZtmZ sa…
Depriving a Christian woman of her right to divorce is a violation of the Human Rights Charter, and the cruelty to the Christian woman should be stopped.
Kashmir want freedom from Islam coz Islam creates negative impacts on innocent people in kashmir. Sister ,u r also a Hindu so let's leave this Islamic terrorism and leave peaceful along with hindu
You know what is real low? Had this kid been in India &amp; a Muslim, he wud have been lynched or burnt alive &amp; the world would still be silent. BTW I told u before stop following that idiot liar @anis_farooqui , he not only insults himself everytime but his followers as well
Thristy for Muslims like you Idiot
We are also sorry for islamic terrorism in Kashmir which kills almost on daily basis. But u never tweet
I have not been back since they gave in to the radical, Christian-hating homosexual activists. If they won't stand for God's Word, I won't support them.
@nine11inreverse Another race baiting idiot. If it were about "brown men" I would hate Hinduism and Buddhism and Tao. But I only hate Islam.
Hey idiot. As a Chinese muslim in Germany, your existence is such a disgrace and humiliation to German nation. In Tiktok there are lots of Uyghurs videos in which they live happily in China. Do not speak for our behalf since you are not authorised so.
How exactly do you engage with 'humanity' that stones troops? Facilitates terrorists' escape? Calls for jihad?
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime Can't expect honesty from people who follow a caravan robber.
Don’t use the term “JIHADIST” to describe this terrorist. They DO NOT have the rights to have #JIHAD in their corrupted ideology. Jihad is a pure struggle that would never harm humanity or anything!!! #TrueStory
These idiots are gonna end up with Sharia Law. Then when they go out and steal they will get their hand cut off. And all these LGBTQ+ that are supporting them will be sorry when they realize all the rights they have now are gone under Sharia Law. OPPS the Muslims didn’t tell you
It's funny actually, suppose, just suppose China invades and captures Kashmir valley. What do you think is going to happen to the Muslims living there ? Have these idiots even heard of the Chinese re education camps for Muslims ?
@ImranKhanPTI When you are going to stop Terrorism ? When you are eliminating Terrorist groups from #Pakistan? When you are going to stop supporting Jihad? Think on This on the front of humanity. Pls look after minorities of my Hindu families in Pakistan. Request to you.
Idiot just shut up. When Muslims where doing like that did any Hindus talk against. Do you know hampi???. Nonsense stop talking rubbish. When Muslims where destroying our tempels and irritating Hindus.did anyone talked about them.
I love these liberal women who get all excited voting for a Muslim. Do you idiots even know what Sharia Law consists of? Oh, you don't think it could happen here? Maybe you should check out Dearborn Michigan and see how close they are.
WT actual F? You’re comparing #Minneapolis riots to Muslims, under taglines “Enemy of the People” and “submission,” the latter of which is largely fear-mongering rhetoric peddled by idiots who have zero understanding of what submission in Islam actually alludes to spiritually.
I'm the one being ignorant? Says the one thats quick to say the KKK and the rest of the so called 'christian' terrorists group isn't Christianity but 'Islamic' terrorism is... I'm done with you. You believe what you want lol apparently 2 billion Muslims wants to kill us, idiot!
Idiot. My family served air force for 40 years and we are Brahmins. Muslims are NOT 1% in the army. What are you blabbering. Army is made up of 85% Hindus-jats, dogras, gurkas, Marathas, kumaonis, rajputs who are ALL Hindus &amp; the rest Sikhs. Before blabbering Check facts.
Literally every Christian woman is an MLM hun right now, I swear I can’t escape it. It’s just plain sad
U will never say anything about Kashmiri pandits exodus Islamic terrorism is d shame on humanity In d entire world every day on avg 20+ ppl r being killed by Islamic terrorism Shame
@dancohen3000 @MaxBlumenthal @NickKristof If the Islamofascist lunatics stopped attacking Israel there would be peace.
Time for @BCCI to boycott @ICC . Good luck #ICC ,choice is yours. Act as per a peace loving nation’s demand for the sake of humanity and world peace. Or live with a terrorist jihad nation.
@alikoeln He is following the example of his prophet who married one of his wives at 6. They do everything their prophet does exactly. #Isam
Well....Evilgelicals aren't Christians....either. So, looky there. Evilgelicals who support...the Orange Antichrist...are Twisted, Deplorable, Radical, Religious Frauds! The Pope isn't perfect...but, he is, indeed....correct.
Ohh really..can u say me about any place from where minority migrated because of RSS?? Any Bomb blast operated by RSS? No, absolutely no.but bcoz of ur so called shantpriy samuday many Kashmiri pandit migrated and the entire world is facing Islamic terrorism on the bases of jihad
No one told this to Yazidi women who were kidnapped, sold and raped by pious and orthodox ISIS terrorists, living and dying by Quran and in the name of Allah.
Idiot, if this was happening every day then there would be no Muslim is left in India. About Kashmir, who raised jihad against Kashmiri pundits in 1990? What you see today is a reaction of your ancestors actions. read history &amp; you will know who destroyed temples to build Mosque
Did you ever take the time to speak to a true muslim or did you just end ip speaking to those idiots that claim to be Muslim and haave a crazy ideology, that taint muslims and Islam? Lets have a history lesson. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buggery_Act_1533
Should Christians support BLM movement? Radical, disruptive, rebellious, anti authority, atheistic, transgenders, Marxists. No.. Its everything God says NOT to do.
Dnt compare Dalits to Muslims. If u wanna fight, fight ur religious extremism. The wrld is on brinks, Islamic terrorism is a menance. There's no Dalit terrorism, Buddhist terrorism, Jain Terrorism, But Islamic. How peaceful u really r, entire wrld knws.
AMEN she's safe and was just coming home from work. She was raised right by Our Lord and myself.. she's a strong Christian woman. Thank you so much for your prayers my dear brother in Christ
I am a Sunni must be horrible knowing that we are all not bigots like you. The only idiot here is you because you only think Pakistanis can only be Muslims. You are a hypocrite. Also, look up what Islam says about judging others.
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 I already brought you proof straight from my Qurans. If you refuse to read it, then shut up and leave.
See Why you are IDIOTS 52 Countries having 83% of Muslim Population i.e. 25% of the World Population contribute only 8% to the World GDP only because Explained nicely by your People themselves
Join me at 4pm over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S.
Shout hindu supremacy no problem say Islamic terrorism u cry Islamophobia, it's not just ur head but also ur mind and thoughts which are locked bloody pigs.
Name one country which has this Natyralisation Law which EXCLUDES JUST ONE MINORITY (MUSLIMS) from being Naturalised ? And I will not call you "Idiot" ... cuz I want the readers of these posts to be the judge of that!
@semzyxx Do you approve of your prophet raping children?
Beware false prophets.The Democrat party “booed” mention of God’s name at their National Convention.They support: infanticide, sexual perversion, repression of Christians, anti-Semitism, Marxism, &amp; radical Islam.They disrespect our veterans &amp; flag. President Trump is our warrior.
https://twitter.com/VidyaKrishnan/status/1275330087911477248 You know who is she? She is a muslim too? So do you have guts to say the same to her? I dare you. You idiot. #ModiMadeDisaster
If you don’t support Christianity, you ain’t a Christian. #TheAlley
Thats u making assumption that all the locals are Islamic terror sympathisers ! Dont tell me definition , if u beleive in Indian Law then first accept CAA and 370 removal happily ! World knows that RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM is the grass root problem of Kashmir
Just enough is enough understand that idiot I have seen your twitter account just pakistan pakistan Pakistan mtlb koi problem nahi Hai India me.. keyboard Warrior I think you care more about Pakistan and the Pakistani people than India..Muslims Pakistan yahe topic
But u pay 100% to promote islamic terrorism. Now pancharwals paying tax? Which 90%? Burden on this country with 8-10 or more kids. Aur haan ye tumare baap ka bhi nahi hai... Whole world knows abt Islamic terrorism so don’t blame others for ur deeds... N ya plz read something.
What there anti muslim?he didn't share any fake news did he?how is saying a truth which was published openly anti muslim?are you playing victim card now?u should see truth beyond religion idiot
It's not as simple. This is a a false Shia Sunni Binary, most of #Syria is Sunni who support Asad, who is Alavi not Shia. Most of Asad supporters are moderate Sunni and Christian, there are virtually no Shia in Syria. Most of his opposition are Radical Wahhabi Salafi Deobandi.
Chick-fil-a: We’re going to stop donating to Christian groups that torture humans. GOP: Way to give into the radical left. What about your morals? Chick-fil-a: Ok, we will keep donating to organizations that torture humans, thanks for the support!
@SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff @etsho127 And if we stop Assad, who will replace him but a bunch of Islamofascists that are even worse.
For a group of people who aren't accountable for Muslim Women and do not own us, Muslim men have a lot of opinions about how we should dress, speak, act or take up space. If you're concerned about our wellbeing, now is the time to help your mom do the dishes and vacuum, idiots
1) You idiot, what style of economy Brits practice at their home don't matter in how they are looting India. India was looted by Muslim invaders before Brits, did it mattered what economy they practiced? it was simply colonialism. Fascists Germany, Italy had colony in Africa,
1) Babar was invader who killed million of Hindus & demolished ram temple 2)The Godhra Train Burning 3)Tahhir Hussain MC All above u mentioned is because of peaceful community.stop support ing radical islamic terrorism
Urdu is our language bas well..did you borrow it from us or stole it?..I did not answer my rest of the question..the word idiot is only for hindus or for Indian Muslims and other minorities as well?
@nrllhkose @amberinzaman Turkey is Islamist. Let them pay the price for Islamofasicsm. Europe and US are secular. Don't want Islamolunatics.
. @lasaniayunus here you go.. Another twitter LIEBERAL (aka Islamophobic Idiot) asking Muslims to leave their Faith , wrongly reducing entire Religion to one point..
@alimhaider Fighting along side anyone in the ME makes you someone else's enemy, regardless of the motivation. Their problem, not ours.
+ look at you as I sip the wine (which isn’t as bad as I expected), wondering how many times you’ve made moves like this before. For such a good Christian woman, that was powerful, and I wonder if I’m possibly throbbing more than you right now. “So tell me because I’m dying +
Did you hear what he said.. Vinod is an idiot who was inducing Muslims to come on roads and do what Black are doing in America. The Black in US are vandalizing the public property. Kalu, you tell me what makes you agree with Vinod idiot?
YOU IDIOT YOU JUST INSULTED THE QURAN BY NOT CALLING IT THE QURAN!!! That is the Quran and that is what WE Muslims call a Tasbeeh which is on top of the Quran which clearly has Allah (God) written on it. You also insulted the Quran by saying a curse word in the same tweet
@sweden I think Daesh are rejected because they are an embarrassment.  But they follow the Quran and Sunnah to the letter.
They are dangerous than real terrorists. Hiding behind masks of so called humanity/jihad... all they want is to cause unrest and violence. #IndiaDoesnotSupportViolence
Only idiots ask such questions. Sangh came into existence in 1935.What following did they have? Congress and Commies were also supporting the British especially after Germany attacked Russia . Why don't you ask them any questions ? Muslim League openly sided with British .
ISIS and alqaeda cannot Be ISLAM because islam oppose terrorism . As per quran “if u kill a single innocents human kind ,you have killed the whole human kind “ Please learn in detail to understand who are the men behind forming this terrorist group none other than USA and Israel.
When u don't have dare to tell Islamic terrorism then u say bhakts... wow
Can't you also openly support Biafra state from Nigeria who UK government has created a Christian to be subjected to radical Islam who are terrorist because of Biafra oil and gas etc?
Anna, just like radical islamic terrorism, u cannot clean up the weapons or kill terrorists or cleanliness offenders.. U have to CLEAN the THOUGHT. Free the people from their Wrong Beliefs. That will solve d problem..
@roisin_morgan But Islamolunatic live by Islam and Sharia trying to fulfill Mohammed's wish to exterminate all Jews from peninsula.
Obviously, you do not believe in LAW and ORDER! These idiots are NOT "innocent people" - they think it's OK to trample on everyone's rights! Try wearing a blue uniform sometime &amp; you will understand what they go through EVERY SINGLE DAY! We know who you like - Muslim terrorists!
@BLMLA are bunch fo wanna be terrorist... claim they are Muslims. If you’re all Muslims then that tells our African America friends are being used yb these idiots to create chaos.
For starters, the Quran had very specific rules for warfare that ISIS and Al Qaeda violated. Just because terrorists use a specific religion as their handle doesn't mean that that's what the religion stands for. That's like saying all Christians are racists because the KKK uses..
@IftikharAwan Looks to me like Baghdadi is a carbon copy of Mohammed without the prophecies. #Islam
He isn't even Middle Eastern or Muslim. He's Portuguese, you idiots.
@ldstarr18 @AC360 When does freedom of speech not insult someone.  Why should a hate filled religion be excluded? http://t.co/srvMUIMFBC
If you're being ironic, it's neither smart nor funny. If not, you must be an idiot not to know that you can "apostate" in Italy by screaming it in banners. Already in 1930s, there were many Guénonian Muslims in Italy, starting with Julius Evola, the philosopher of fascism.
@RaniaKhalek @MaxBlumenthal @NickKristof Every border that Islam has with every other religion and non religion is bloody.
A Typical two tongued snake that just cant keep the poison from oozing out of its mouth causing hate, disruption and fear and destruction. Communist, socialist and muslim worshiper. All you democrat liberals happy!!! IDIOTS
And hinduism is 10000 yrs old and still there are no terrorist groups in hinduism..if u want to see the root cause of whole problem,then that is radical Islamic terrorism not all islamist are terrorist but few.
1)The American EvangeliCONs only politicize Christianity and have been promoting their perverted creed 2)They turn their backs on certain Christians but promote the cause of others, depending on the region 3) These radical terrorists support a belligerent &amp; bloody foreign policy
Yes cancel your appearance. The SA is a Christian organization and doesn’t support radical agendas.
U know about Islamic terrorism, now every country says about Islamic terrorism, don't worry oneday ur religion will be end because of it.. U r all brother, but u discriminate with ahmediya, Shia,..n u could not say a single word to support them... This is ur real face...
Brahmins are less than 10 percent in any kind of quota ,while rest is bagged by reserved categories even Muslims grab more seats than brahmin but still idiots like you blame Brahmin for everything bad , you people don't have guts to compete and keep barking on others
No true conservative is being censored. No true conservative supports the wannabe despot Trump. Only radical right wing Populists and Nationalists support him. Those include the ridiculous Christians who want him to subject all to their religious precept.
@harmlesstree2 @MaxBlumenthal It is an obvious fact that most Jews lived in ghettoes under the bigoted Muslims.
Yes First BAN and get your terrorists in Afghanistan Fighting Jihad and killing Inocents Infants, https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/05/afghanistan-gunmen-storm-kabul-hospital-200512071439807.html Why dont you pass on your lecture of Humanity to htem first. Then talk about muslims in India They are better off then those Radicals
Thugs like you are the worst enemies of humanity. Who would lie themselves and even ask people to not speak out the truth. Even if all Muslims are not Terrorists, majority of them believe in the same ideology. Difference is some pick guns for Jihad, others wrote articles
RT @HeidiL_RN: To allow Muslims to pervert our US constitutional rights via domestic mosques and Islam teaching is outrageous. #BanIslam #c…
One way you are right but everything is not hunky-dory in Pakistan for Muslims too same as in India where Dalit Hindus are tortured by the casteist idiots.
B. Simone pulled the “I’m a Christian woman” card and it’s like... ma’am that ain’t the right card to use
Haha so now u r tweaking words is it? Sorry but trump doesn't speak jihadi. Here's his actual words. But on the other side, he did say "radical Islamic terrorism" which means he took ur Abba's name. Germany and Russia hv already said sharia can go Fck itself. Others will follow
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia is like Naziphobia, it's an abuse of language for political gain. It looks like this. http://t.co/VXFlYOknor
Come on. Let’s be honest. You could probably get a good number of these idiots to march to support the view that we must respect the right of Muslim men to stab white gay men.
Look up the names you idiot. All those Muslims made contributions to astronomy, philosophy and geography. That’s why muslims were earliest map makers where as you Indians couldn’t travel past India due you’re religion aversion to ocean waters and how y’all would lose caste status
Hindus are getting killed, jailed, raped and converted in their own country. On top of it you want to include muslim majority countries to make us minority? Idiots. Take PoK, disintegrate Pakistan. Invest in other SAARC countries to make them economically dependent on us. 1/2
Quran also says if you kill an innocent human being (not just muslim) it is as if he killed the entire humanity. Please stop your misinterpretion of quran . Islam is the religion pf peace. Don't look at ISIS and other terrorist org. They are not islamic.
Says the brainwashed idiot. All appropriate sources point to significant oppression of christians in muslim countries. I mean u havr to brainwash urself thats the only way you can cope being morally bankrupt
They're shia muslims. I'm a sunni idiot. You dont know that much?
State is building mandir with texas of muslims you idiot its round about 50 lac...there are number of mandir in islamabad no need of new one
i feel for the trans nb muslim who was outed like do you idiots even know what “family honor” is? google it and educate yourself. you put them in serious danger but i hope they’re doing okay. wallahi there’s too many petty bitches on this app
When faceoff is with Pakistan,Bhakts demands 10 heads against 1!! When faceoff is with China, Bhakts boycotting Chinese products (That too from Chinese Phones).. When discussing Pakistan or muslim- You r anti-national When discussing china- You r communists!! Fucking Idiots.
Hey @ImranKhanPTI how are you feeling after becoming a slave of the chinese. Dare you open your mouth from next time on Indian muslims, first take care of your own country. Idiot.
And said that I am not from India...Its idiots like you who thinks that any one against Surrender Modi is Pakistani or Muslim. For your information 60% of Indian did not vote 4 modi. Hope this information fits in your nut size brain.
She is 110% Right!! I am a Christian Woman who happens to be white. What a terribly sad &amp; boring world this would be if we all looked exactly the same and did not have a variety of colors &amp; cultures, like the flowers in a garden.
@nyazpolitics @urgedharry @greenlinerzjm I typed that on there. The Hadiths are original. Shut up and go look them up. Or are you afraid to?
Her Name Is Bevelyn Beatty & She Is A Christian Woman Who Has Faith “WITH Works.” —She Is Right!— Pacified Christians Conscent to their death &amp; PERMIT SATAN to reign over America’s death, are WRONG! —I John 3:8— “..Jesus Came to destroy the works of the devil” —We Are IN-Christ!—
@oni_keji @TheAtlantic This is political opinion.  The truth is that Islam is itself radical and we must outlaw it.
You did well and I know congress is full of Muslims by heart who never going to let Hindustan which is called hindus sthan have their God in country which belongs to Hindus.. Congress is full of idiots I believe now #WeStandWithNupurSharma
You've no idea what RSS is, what it stands for, how it functions, its core values or anything about it. There're idiots in every community but blaming RSS for a crime done by any Hindu is as moronic as calling all Muslims supporters of ISIS or all Sikhs supporters of Khalistan.
I think Islamophobia has got to do a lot with Western mainstream media's portrayal of all Muslims as potential terrorists since 9/11 Mr Trump in "Howdie Modi" reception in the U.S declared Radical Islamic Terrorism as the greatest threat to the World. All had an impact
... and become rafidah, curse Sahaba, abuse Prophets wives, Abuse khulfa, claim another version of Quran, create #ISIS to kill Sunnis all over middle east and expand thru terrorists militia gathered from war ravaged countries poor population from Afghani Pakistan Yemen. Happy?!!
@PsychBarakat @PhilipMills8 @jncatron themselves clearly tell you that their intentions are a bigoted, racist holy war of extermination.
Arey madharchod, we bhakts are committed to eradicate Islamic terrorism. We will stitch that hole from where these terrorists and their sympathisers like u get born, samjha
Good. But hope u guys control d left n Islamic terrorism also.
Subsequently , the so-called “ Islamic Terrorism ” , on which the U.S. &amp; the entire Western alliance based their security narrative , kept emerging in places where they supposedly brought democracy &amp; allowed them the legitimacy they needed to justify their own wars .
In "The Road to Morocco" Bob Hope walks into a shop and tries to act like an idiot and speaks in jumbles because Muslims give free food to those who appear sick in the head, but when he does the shop owner sounds exactly like him and furiously asks, "Are you making fun of me?"
@darensammy88 -Dear Sammy, thousands Pakistanis like ,love u as good human,social icon a best cricketer in the World. All Muslim love prophet's friend Bilal who was black African Muslim.Through your shit over stupid,idiot players, calling you with bad name. Dr.Malik Canada
Does The #Quran Promote Violence? By SM Younus AlGohar http://bit.ly/1WFL3C2 (To all #Muslims #ExMuslims who don't know what inspires terrorist such as Sudesh Amman plz watch thiz video carefully #SudeshAmman #ISIS #Taliban #AlQaeda #BokoHaram #AlShabab #IslamicState
Agree with you 100% It is racism no question about it. That is why these police idiots are going to jail. Can you tell me if CCP does the same thing when CCP police violates human rights of Muslim minority, Hong Kong and Taiwan protestors ?
If u have guts nd feel so much pain for this boy..speak up against islamic terrorism..take out ur placards nd ask ur gang to do same.bloody hypocrite
Yeah I’m not into that either. Quran doesn’t incite that. You are referring to evil people. You are talking talaban isis wahabi perversions. I’ve done research on this. Have you? I have read the Quran in full. Have you? You’re generalizing 1.8 billion people as terrorists.
Guys IM SCREAMING. I almost died. I was eating popcorn and listening to Christian Woman and I tried to imitate Peter Steeles dumb groan in the intro BUT I inhaled a popcorn kernel. Y'all. I. Am. Sent. And YES I did run to Twitter right after it happened.
He was very traditional, and had strong Christian values and would surely support the Republicans over the radical Democrats now.
Palestine was stolen in 1948 by the Radical Arabs Sunni Muslims &amp; given as a gift to the Radical Ashkenazis Habad Jewry with unlimited &amp; open support from the Western Christian Zionistikas. In which each of these three culprits cults have their own agenda
Muslims don't believe in that crucifixion and resurrection stuff but do believe that Jesus was a prophet. Muslims don't hate Jesus you f****** idiot Christians.
@StrangerOnFire @onzelfzuchtig @Raqqa_Sl Until we fight the war on Islam in earnest, we will never know where it gets us.
They weren’t so tough when the crips escorted them out of their neighborhood.Or the bikers.White privilege is being the sucker who ends up having to pay for the destruction.Thanks for the privilege terrorist who Muslim Brotherhood who all you idiots are marching for.Remember Isis
Doesn't change the fact they are atheists. There's a name for their ideology doesn't mean doesn't mean they aren't atheists You attribute terrorists with Quran even if it's clearly against the teachings and ISIS is Islamic. So then communism is Atheistic
@NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal @Number10gov By all means. Send the Muslims back to the Middle East before they turn Europe into the same sewer.
@IAmThe1Teacher @IronmanL1 @stevecorrales80 It's utterly stupid to  tolerate the intolerance of Islam.
Do you not have a black Democrat Muslim chief of police? .. so disbanding will do what for the people? Do you think criminals will just stop doing crimes? Yes 1-2 bad cops is bad for a community. But criminals free to do crime? Wake up . Your killing yourselves. idiots
#JaiSriRam_ #JaiBharat_ Idiots said terrorism has no religion than for what this holes fighting, it's jihad or welfare of kashmiri muslims against who Bharatiya muslims_? Stay Home Stay Safe, Social distance makes you live but extra distance keeps you alive #BharatMataKiJai_
You can also think idiot that most muslims hate modi. I dont know why.. I think this may be the reason
To those who think because I am a white, southern, Christian woman I do not have any rights to oppose your actions, I shall tell you. I am a citizen of the United States and have the freedom of speech you so desperately seek to destroy. You do not want to be held accountable!
Ah, that old "you were never Muslim" because you didn't know the 167485432 articles of faith. These idiots are the worst.
You caved to the Karen mob idiots. What you are saying is that every Muslim woman who keeps her entire face covered is immune to corona? It DOESNT work. Are you equally going to cave when your unicorn vaccine is ready? You first.
Porky PM Imran Khan PM explain below only. Jihad, War, Nuclear war, Terrorism, Radicalised Islam, Kashmir Modi India, Where as Bharat PM Mr Modi explains below. Peace Harmony Development Cleanliness Humanity Brotherhood Difference between terrorists &amp; Peace loving country.
Oh yeah right. There hasn't been any other honour killings by honourable Muslims. You're a brainwashed idiot. And I am Canadian This is me dealing with you guys
@MaxBlumenthal @Campagnebds Blumenthal self promotion. The only groups that attack talks and kill people are Max's terrorist Muslim friends.
I think there is no need to give a fact to fool like u. Everyone knows that ur country is a Proud Beggar &amp; a Heaven of Terrorism. In Trump's view "Radical Islamic Terrorism". Jst focus on Pakistan's prblm inspite of giving lecture on Kashmir. #Pok is Ours
@DiversityRUs For the last 1000 years Islam has contributed nothing to mankind but murder. http://t.co/h8a8JKfUDo
You idiot, it’s Muslim that want to kill delusional Democrats, because they support LGBTQ. Just fact, just ask any radical Muslims
#PakistanAgainstMinorities A 25 years old #Christian woman #AsmaYaqoob died in #Sialkot #Pakistan after #MohdRizwanGujjar poured kerosene on her body &amp; set her on fire that resulted on 80% burns. Just b’coz she rejected the marriage proposal doesn’t mean she has no right to live.
You’re delusional if u think I’m trying to shut down the convo. I wrote “try again”. Learn to read. If u keep reading my tweets I clearly stated that Islamic terrorism was worse in the 21st century until TODAY. Anyway, that chart doesn’t show the type/motive.
According to your tweet if I consider same logic all terrorists are muslims, but I won't because iam not idiot like you
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood And there is the next thing that is wrong with Muslims, most of you are liars. 80% were killed by Taliban.
HE'S A DAMN MUSLIM! WHAT DO YOU EXPECT! STUPID ENGLISH LET THE ARABS &amp; MUSLIMS BUY UP LONDON ASSETS, LET THE MIGRANT HOARDE COME IN AND NOW THEY CAN'T POLICE THEM, OR CONTROL, AND LET KHAN DESTROY EVERYTHING THAT WAS BRITISH! IDIOTS &amp; SOCIALISTS DESTROY ENGLAND!
Thank You @WenMaMa2 I Will Support Trump to the Best of My Ability! Trump was a God Send! Christians &amp; Jews need to wake up to the Reality that the Radical Left ARE - Anti-Christian &amp; Anti-America First. They are Globalists who Greedily want to benefit.
Because there are very small group of muslim comedians. You can only make jokes on a community where you come from, where you grew up in idiot. I growing up in upper caste brahmin family can make jokes only on what I went through. I wont relate to a muslim. Butthurt sanghi
You isis dog what you like I don't understand way Quran is make you terrorist is true but can't believe terrorist brain
Whether they are hindus,Christians,Buddhists or Muslims, religious extremists are like terrorists.They will attack you more when you start the conversation http://once.So ignore these idiots.Just try ur best to eliminate such malpractices in your community @SophiaThapa3
There is nothing to think. Kashmir has been invested by the "asmaani" mindset. That is why 10 join everyday. Ur people locked out 5 lakh Kashmiri pandits, how many of them picked up guns? It is just islamic terrorism tht u ppl r branding as freedom struggle
Antisemitism in the form of radical islam without who's support labour and Corbin would never have been able to challenge for power is a threat to democracy.The rise of religion in present day UK politics began with the influx of non Christian immigrants.
Right..a FarRight RadicalMAGA dummy (Cherry Picking Christian)claiming they love their country while they support a Five Time Draft Dodger,Far Right Radical trump. A guy who pals around with his good friend sex trafficker JeffreyEpstein.Quit complaining!Leave if you don’t like it
Why the pain for only Muslim why not for hindu Christian jewish..?? Did Islam teach you to love only Muslim...??Then what will you say on Maharashtra Muslim mob lynching on 3 hindus...? Why you don't speak against them..?? Or you support radical Islam..??
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere @isra_jourisra @fei989 They are always hot air. But sometimes their hot air aligns with their prophets.
there are 2,516,000 muslims living in the uk. and believe it or not nigel, they are uk citizens and do also shop at tesco. it’s xenophobic idiots like you that are the problem mate x
Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists CONSPIRING Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD+ against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity&gt;can't hv Political-Religious-Educational+ FREEDOM &amp; Voting RIGHTS in HINDUSTHAN M-Jihadis-Predators-Barbarians r close to success of Population-Demography-Jihad
What? Non Muslims and white people are being targeted by black people working at fast food restaurants? Have you lost your damn mind? Why does my race have anything to do with this? This guys an idiot. You think he knows what color the person who buys this product is? Grow up.
RIP Phillip Haney, DHS expert and a Founding member of Homeland Security, Barry & Phil are discussing how Phil The U.S. Government spending our tax dollars supporting and funding front groups for Islamic terrorism in the United States #Confederate
In other words, "them" is close to a modern day ISIS. The Quran permits killing terrorists in self defence because they have waged pre-emptive war against humanity @lindaikeji @renoomokri @muftimenk @rccghq @amnesty @NSCIAng
RT @Angelemichelle: RT @PhxKen: ISLAM: CONTRIBUTING NOT ONE DAMN THING TO HUMANITY FOR 1400 YEARS. http://t.co/dajGDn1Wy3 WELL EXCEPT MURDE…
I’m getting a bunch of ppl calling me an idiot for saying that hatred of Islam =/= hatred of Muslims n making jokes about me. Apparently you can’t hate Islam without hating Muslims. How are ppl this frikken dense.
Your INSECURITY abroad needs psychological treatment and not DUMB editorials. Seditious to say the least:- "Many are raising money to support radical Hindu organizations to wage violence against religious minorities, including Muslims, Christians and Sikhs" #sackashokswain
Excellent understanding if ISIS Muslim Terrorists n Taliban Jaish understand Holy Quran with meanings they become good Muslims kind n peaceful instead of killing ppl they love n help ppl irrespective of caste Creed colour or religions Many good Muslims even help Christians etc
The term "them" in the Quran,used in verses like this is for terrorists who persecuted people for their faith,exiled them from their homes and pursued to kill innocent people.Doesn't that sound closer to ISIS themselves?
Oh when I say nice christians I mean anything BUT your average christian, at least the brazilian one. I have seen some pretty radical christians that form support groups for marginalized groups, promote discussions about important topics and they cool. but they're rejected
Can you define what makes a Kashmiri? This idiot fails to note that Kashmir is diverse and Muslim majority . You sure are licking that arse of a Sikh. How is it?
#PetaIndiaExposed Hey you idiot peta team, r u blind or cowered!! Don't you u see animals r sacrifices on Muslims place on the name of rituals which not required in 21st century. Try to save animals from sacrifice. Cut Cake,Not Animals.
So u were not born at the time of partition also so why talk 72 years. U r exagrating saying genocide of 8 million. Which 8 million r u talking. So u were not born in 1990, so after that it is only Pak sponsored Islamic terrorism
Its no secret Drake. Can a Christian support 60 million abortions ? Can a Christian support giving Iran 1.8 billion to fund Radical Islam? Can a Christian burn down thy neighbors business? These policies aren't discrimination. They are murder/ mayhem/ ANTI-CHRIST.
Like most people, I don't make racist generalisations about black people (or Muslims, or Palestinians, or Jews). She does. You know this. You also realise you've made a complete idiot of yourself here. Rude, I agree, but also correct. Goodbye.
@asem_1994 I'm not concerned with single events. I'm concerned with 1400 years of Islamic murder and barbarity that shows no sign of ending.
This person is a Puerto Rican Christian woman. Prays all day and night. She voted for the bunker bitch. Today while she was leaving, I shouted BLACK LIVES MATTER and she says “You’re right, all lives do matter” I about dropped outta my skin!!!
When Pakistan's only interest is in spreading Islamic Terrorism and exporting terrorists around the globe... Why do u need any counter and what will u achieve with that?? Gdp and cost of living are for democratic countries... Not for jaheel Islamic terrorist country like urs...
@discerningmumin But your whole conversation about slavery is phony bull shit propaganda since you follow a slave owner prophet.
Ummah means nation you idiot. And zakat goes only to muslims lol you cant even give it to non muslims which shows how wicked islam is. The zakat is a tax for this Islamic ummah/nation. And hajj money used to fund terror. How many Yemenis have been killed with it?
@PetaIndia we dnt give a damn to racist orgamization. Go and play these racism game wid islamic terrorism. I think u should shut this organization. Every time u post those things which brings u abusive language and curse.
Like Nancy always says as the good strict Christian woman she is,she would Never Ever even think of telling a bold faced lie to or on anyone right ? Sure
Before ANYBODY can support the process this basic information is needed.
@Liz_Cheney please explain to me. You're a Christian woman right? How can you support Trump? Unless you're a racist just like he is. That his beliefs are yours? Because the God I know. Would never support his actions and words. You're hiding behind religion. We know what you are.
Tipu was radical Islamist &amp; belonged to only Muslim community. He terrorised Hindu &amp; Mangalore Christians. I don't support then man who destroyed &amp; raped Brahmins &amp; imposed Urdu &amp; Persia.
@ummayman90 Again, your entire concept of god corresponds to a tyrannical earthly egomaniac because you are simple and stupid. #Islam
This is what the devil looks, and sounds like, to me..... i’ve been a Christian woman since I was 23 and I still recoil at these satanic rituals. I don’t know many folks on the right.
Not all muslims are from Islam you idiot
Islam is protected from Allah, you idiot. Neither Arab nor Turkish nor anyone can turn off the light of islam except with allah permission. The Turks did not spread Islam or protect it and killed many Muslims for politics and imperialism, not for Islam.!
I think Reuters is funded by Wahabi Islamists. The shitty filthy man killed by Indian Army was a die hard Islamic terrorist. He has been shown his place. Islamic terrorism is not only threat to India but to whole world. U will know it within a decade or 2.
Radical Islamic Terrorism hijack peace in the world #Ola_U_Uber Boom
ACAB ! FUCK YOU FR ! WOULD YOU BEAT UP A CHRISTIAN FOR PRAYING IN CHURCH LIKE THIS !? NO ! FUCK YOU FOR DISRESPECTING MINORITIES LIKE THIS ! FUCK YOU FOR TREATING MUSLIMS LIKE THIS MFS ! WAIT FOR THE FINAL DAY YOU FUCKING IDIOT !
Here's a big lesson to learn right now in the beginning, quiet the voices of this world. Read the precious word of God, find a mature Christian woman to mentor you, and fall ever more in love with Jesus. He is worthy.
Shame on you ! You #PlacardBrigade where is your humanity??? Why aren't u condemning Radical Islamic Terrorism?? @deespeak @sonamakapoor @VishalDadlani @ReallySwara #JusticeFor3Yearold #StopRedicalIslamicTerrorism
Girl how are you going to claim to be such a good Christian woman and then come into my dms and condemn me as a Christian for standing up for people’s lives and personal rights?? Literally choke x
@Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa @eS3udi @JRehling Of course.  That is because Islam is a religion of murder and other Muslims are in rifle range.
@etsho127 @SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff I made ISIS rise? What are you talking about. Islam created that monster. http://t.co/Q87IjKbd7q
RT @arrowsmithwoman: @sudixitca @KenRoth  It's a calculated Arab policy, to keep the Palestinians in a state of desperation to incite more …
Ask and check news. Islamic Terrorism is everywhere. My question why? Have u ever asked urself Y? Ask ur peers, ur Govt. Why Jaish-e-Muhammad, LeT, Islamic State? Do u know Pakistan has defamed Islam, think when u say JeM, LeT doesn't it sound bad, only Islam??
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Yes they are Jew hating barbarians.
So the #NoBanAct is only good for Muslims and not for the people you Hollyweird idiots are trying to ban for having an opinion that does not match yours.
Μοst of the "Radical Leftists/Communists (SYRIZA party)" and the true Communists (KKE party) really hate all Christian Churches and want to see Christianity in general destroyed. #ANTIFA in Greece would not be so bold if they did not enjoy widespread support from the population.
Which they’ve been able to do because idiots like you don’t vote in the midterms. Go vote for the nazi baby caging house discriminating Muslim banning Trump and the republicans. Have a great night JC.
4. Interesting that you use the phrase of Hindutwa bloodlust and warmongering while commenting on Indo-pak issue, but islamic terrorism finds no mention whatsoever. U could have simply googled the number of lives lost because of each, you would have known better. N/n
@discerningmumin Because while other groups can evolve, the violence of the Quran and Hadith prevent Islam from ever being a human religion.
BTW her husband was murdered for defending the rights of a Christian woman in Pakistan. That's why it is personal to her. She has a personal interest in wishing for Muslim countries to be more tolerant https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salman_Taseer
then imagine; ye PM banneyke baat... Meeting with world leading terrorists Attending united jihad councils, terrorist conferences Chating on Hot-line with global terrorist at times of emergency situations .... all under the guise of 'just respect- Humanity'
Because you promote their behaviours and support them.We muslims are also known what is harmful and stay away from it while you Christians allow the sodomites and the radical atheist and radical feminist to attack you.
How many dead in#Pakistan and how many Muslim died in Indian? You idiots.
@AyshaRenna why don't you raise your voice when ur fellow muslim terrorists killed civilian in kashmir? U says that kashmir should be free from India? Are you even Indian? Can't you see islamic terrorism pak is sponsoring? U r okay with that because terrorism belong to islam bc
Idiot on lighter note, what kind of reasoning do you have, well, you approach made me assume wrongly that you're Muslim, that what I'm sorry for, assuming wrongly here
This is a serious issue. Leave it on other side I want to ask would u stand against Islamic terrorism.
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan The only reason there is peace is because the Hindus are in power.
It is pics on Ram nawmi. Can u share ur Islam religion festival . u cant see. Jai Shree Ram . BIOCOT THE SUPPORTER OF ISLAMIC TERRORISM. AS THERE IS ONLY ONE RELIGION OF TERRORISM i.e. ISLAM. ND INDIA HAS STARTED THE BIOCOTTING . ENJOY THE ENLIGHTEN PEOPLE NOW ND FOREVER.
So we should allow Muslims from other countries that are here illegally vote into law sharia law so they feel more comfortable and included. Then we're no longer a country, we're no longer Americans. If you allow other countries to dictate your laws, you're an idiot.
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ What race are Muslims, poop for brains?
Double standards are not perpetuated by Islam. Its some ignorant idiots like the ones in the video who interpret Islam according to their own understanding. You can blame muslims for their wrong doings but keep Islam out of it as its absolutely flawless. Is a natural religion.
If u give 5 strong evidence of rss terrorism i will give to 100 example of islamic terrorism and i m not against Muslims i m against bad Muslims
#Minnesota and those who are not Muslim in #Minneapolis, you’d better stop this while you still can. If this idiot and his cronies pull the trigger here, you’ll never get it back. @POTUS, this is tantamount to an invasion. US Law will cease to exist in a US state.
Please include Antifa All terrorist groups need to be classified 4exactly what they represent: destruction to all humanity under Jihad&amp;ISIS
No Mr Smith, Any human life lost anywhere...must have been precious for those parents, the society and the country if not the entire humanity....immaterial of his/her nationality. Terrorists undertaking "Jihad" are exceptions....they aren't human. have no parents, no country.
Don't forget what every terrorist has chanted before attack " 'ola o uber' ". Don't forget what is written in the flag of ISIS , it's the first verse of quran . Don't forget the meaning of names of terrorist organisations 'al quaida ' 'laskar e taiyba ' 'jash e Mohammad '
Simple truth if Jesus Christ ran for president none of the supposed Christian's who support @realDonaldTrump would vote for him. They'd rather follow their dear leader to hell. Jesus would be to radical a socialist for them.
Who is al-quida? Who is ISIS? Who changed turkey into Islamic country? who changed Pakistan into Islamic country? one more recently organized Delhi riot. who was behind all that? Any one of the above shouts jai sheer Ram? And no. of Islamic terrorism is countless u know that.
So is Sarsour counting on Bernie to support the Islamic State agenda to infiltrate &amp; control our Christian Nation? Linda Sarsour must NOT be given a platform to promote Radical Islam in America... Terrorism must be eradicated Globally!!!
@clouds789 @sergioba66 @ParaKeta Madrassa math.  Daesh threw manpower at Kobane in far disproportion to it's size.
@cdnKhadija @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @98Halima @rfrankh53 The term Islamophobe makes as much sense as Naziophobe.
That shows the level of your IQ, cause you met few bad Nigeria’s that makes all Nigerians bad right It’s just like saying all Muslims are terrorists cause some idiots are bombing shit or saying all white are racist
Of course! Also, it's sexism perpetrated by the right. A good Christian woman covers up. It's a locate moment. Blahhh freaking blah such a double standard.
YAPPER IF UR MUSLIM DAWG DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE AS ME THIS IS NOT SOMETHING FROM THE QURAN, ITS AN ACTUAL ISIS TERRORIST CHANT
So, you guys won’t be calling Trump a nazi, fascist, racist, sexist, Russian spy, North Korean spy, war-mongering, white supremacist, Muslim hating, xenophobic, pandemic causing, pussy grabbing, climate ruiner then? Or this fake outrage only applies to people you like? Idiot.
I you wish I can send you many similar pics from your Army who were living in hell and went straight there,if you were capable of ruling hindustan than it was not ruled by muslims for 800 years idiot
@BigOleFiggletin I can remember when My Muslim brother 'Khabib' embarrassed mcgregor in front of thousands of people, what is your achievement, who are you, I know you are a liar and a loser with pathetic mentality and a fat idiot.
Muslim isn’t a race you idiot
It’s truly heartbreaking to me that I’m having to argue with Christian people as to why they should support #BlackLivesMatter. It is so devestating to see how many of you worship a radical God but refuse to be radical yourselves &amp; fight for God’s children. Shame on you.
When i was growing up. All you heard was IRA as an terrorist organisation. Then after 9/11. Al Qaeda was born. Qaeda is the learning path of the Quran. So whoever came up with that name was not an Arab let alone a Muslim. Then ISIS. Then many more. These groups killed muslims!
Yeah and Muslims are going to take over the world or is it the North Koreans? Maybe it’s the communists coming back for round 2. When will you bootlicking idiots realize you’re being fed propaganda so that we can continue to feed the military industrial complex?
Right now a pregnant mother in Dallas TX is been coerced to have an abortion by the "father" and the counselors at the clinic. She has an appointment tomorrow at the abortion clinic. Please If you are a Christian woman pray for her and the baby tonight. #pray4life #life
@PBCountySheriff I want you to know that I love &amp; support every Christian, Jew, &amp; Islamic on the force. I do not support radical Islam. Only love &amp; peace. I believe in Augustus Caesar's peace. Yahushua (Christ) gave him a good name because he practiced Satanism to hurt people...
Bollywood don't have courage to speak against Radical Islamic Terrorism and if someone has then u know wat they will do #wesupportrangoli
#Dominionists (&amp; other right-wing extremists who pander to Christians to further their own interests) will continue to prop up &amp; support Trump as long as his outrageous antics provide cover as they implement radical reforms.
At this moment that seems that jihad forces are stopping you from attacking humanity. They are trying to control a huge terrorist regime and god will bless them, because their on right hand side.
1000+ yrs Old Ethnic-Religious-War Few Good Hindusthani-Muslims r there BUT Unfortunately,they hv to suffer for these Breaking-Bharat Jihadis-Terrorists following Mullah-ka-Islam Sky-Book Doctrines of Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity
If you listen close you can hear "ONE TWO THREE FOUR!" in the far background of #TypeONegative's song Christian Woman right at the end of the 2nd keyboard/choir part. Gif is from Black No 1 though so you do the meth, I mean math.
You say that you are fighting for your fellow muslim brothers but get raged over if a fellow muslim women say otherwise wat you believe. It's like you are more interested in calling women ugly thn fighting for a cause &amp; thn DM with words like "kya bhayanak dp hai" idiots.
This is sad. We are with you. Please don't tag a word hindu muslim. God will take revenge from such idiots who dignify there superiority by doing such ill things. Ameen!
Tlaib gets emotional as Omar calls for Congress to act over Israel travel restrictions:You both need to be removed from Congress! Your hatred for Jews and Christians shows the radical Islam you both support! REMEMBER 911!
@MrInsaf @georgegalloway Why, when he could be elected mayor of Peshwar in a heartbeat. He could then murder Christians for blasphemy.
@yuskan0723 Before the murdering prophet Mohammed came along to exterminate them, Jews lived on 40% of the Arabian Peninsula.
Hey man, Whom are you pleading? Don't fool the people.Presently it's BJP govt and this govt listens digital idiots like u who get RS५ for each tweet.Why don't u ask u aaka for cbi enquiry?If u start tweeting for Hindu Muslim then whole channels will debate on this but why not ssr
You guys literally troll Muslims at Muslim Christmas. Sit down idiots.
@LyndaG1963 @MDBishop82 @Coslopuss @MaxBlumenthal @railgirl1952 Which is why the joint blacks and Muslims are murdering police in Ferguson.
Muslims in India don't need to be told whom to vote and why to vote, you idiot. @AmitShah @myogiadityanath Sir, in my view this person is provoking Indian Muslims not to stand with our government and Army against our enemy. See if legal action can be taken.
He was murdered by his security guard police man(mumtaz qadri) because he was supporting a christian woman Asia Bibi(tohen e risalat accused). And recently asia bibi is released by the court. Which proves Salman Taseer was right. Ironically the murderer became the hero.
DMK is not atheist.Most people in DMK don’t follow Periyar.The real issue is, radical Muslims &amp; minority Christians piggyback on DMK to reap the benefits. DMK use their convoluted ideologies to support them. They‘ve become a liaison between center &amp; minority.DMK is Anti-Brahmins.
SEEKING devision from those that are DEMANDING black racial superiority.....how dare they what an idiot you are pls travel alone one night through black run Brixton or muslim run Luton and see if you survive
No, we took it back from Muslims by force. Then what returning you idiot ?
Keep dreaming like an idiot. 90% of Pakistan is occupied by China. Chinese men pick up Muslim Pakistani women and take them as sex slaves. You cowards have no guts to stop them. Pakistani men wearing CHUDIAN. Chinese are going to change your NASL soon. Already in your bedroom.
It was not about race. And, If you had really followed the trial, you would know that #JudgeKemp did not sentence #AmberGuyger, the Jury was responsible for her sentence. Everything is not race related. You do know Judge Kemp is a woman of color, right? A kind, Christian woman.
It is about religion!!! The Hindus who are happy you are talking about are not happy because their religion says so, but because they are idiots. Now look at Quraan Surah no 9: Ayat no 113, it says kafirs will burn in hellfire. Muslims are just following their evil religion!!
It’s just a picture. Bengali Muslims also exist in India. We also wear the Sari in Bangladesh you idiot. https://twitter.com/PiyushBanerje15/status/1279831114677288961
Meanwhile, over on my FB page, a very nice Christian woman was appalled by what she heard as she had never watched a rally before. Her followers reassured her that he says bad things but is getting things done and his heart is in the right place or some such.
Always the need to add ‘Muslim’. What has faith got to do with it? you wouldnt say Christian Jeffrey Epstein. The racism in this country is shocking, just cos it’s not staring you in the face doesn’t mean it’s not here as well. Also it’s not just one man who was killed you idiot
So maybe finally you would understand every sane country want to secure itself by controlling demographics See how muslim countries are so sensitive about this and here we have useful idiots who undermine our own interests #CAA
@asem_1994 The Muslims killed millions when they entered Europe and India. But the question is, can we get beyond barbaric religion.
One more Down = Humanity &amp; World Saved from Radical Islamic Muslim Evil Reproducing Pigs Chinese Virus, Invaders, Infiltrators, Dead Animal Eaters Bio Jihad Hinduphobia pogrom unleashed by Infiltrators, Rapists, Bombers, Squatters, Allaah U Gabbars, Killers, Terrorists Murderers
This is a tribute to USA in a Muslim country, shame on spoilt brats like @Kaepernick7 @KingJames for bad mouthing the US on July 4th. They are two idiots. Thank you @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @DineshDSouza @IngrahamAngle @FLOTUS @HeyTammyBruce
Um no. He doesn’t believe in an organization that is Marxist, anti-Christian, anti-family. Black lives matter does not support black lives -it’s a radical left front.
but @donnabrazile handing questions to candidate is RIGHT coming from Christian woman as this moron refered to her herself!! DISGUSTING!!
Muslims support CAA gud joke ! And I believe indian law , and everybody knows that Islamic terrorism is the biggest problem of the world ! U cant deny it by simply hiding behind generally defined terrorism (due to secularism) , your denial won’t change truth
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 Majority of Muslims are sexist and bigots. http://t.co/xjd8w98ITE
I'm not sure what u said, kindly try to write in English again. Anyways it doesn't matter how we think of each other. The president of US calls out Radical Islamic terrorism. Russia has banned sharia. China has concentration camps. The world is frustrated with izlam. Shame shame
@KJBar @JulieBishopMP It will be the same evil tentacles that are already there in a different uniform.
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 Since the Islamist Erdogan came to power,women's employment in Turkey fell 30%.He considers them baby machines
Muslims aren’t all public servants who work for the state you idiot. New laws have been passed re: policing and racial inequality is getting the attention it needs. It hasn’t increased race tension because it doesn’t exist IRL outside racist pseudoscience and tabloid propaganda
Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, Indonesia, UAE, etc are Muslim countries and they are not in the ban. It’s not a Muslim ban. It’s a ban on countries that are safe grounds for terrorists, you idiot Muslim Brotherhood.
well there you go.. Aisha is easy to hear ISIS with a mask on and in a noisy place.. There are plenty of bad racist things out there to focus on.. i suspect this was an innocent mistake.. if it said muslims are idiots.. ok.. but her name isn't THAT far from Isis. not convinced.
RT @CharlieDestries: Bill Maher Doubles Down on Islam: ‘Terrorists and the Mainstream Share A Lot of These Bad Ideas’ http://t.co/uQcmBQo1H…
Arey Idiot how does CAA affect An or any Indian Muslim ? If still your family is getting fathered by Turks/Pathans or Afghans, then only it may affect you partially. In such a scenario, apply for Indian Citizenship and stay here for 11yrs to get eligible for citizenry
Went to my support group at Guys hospital today with one of my daughters, Debbie. She bought me lunch on the bank of the river Thames then went to the meeting. Had a talk about radical prostatectomy by Mr Christian Brown, really interesting. Chatted with the group, nice day
Oh god. An egomaniacal idiot who neither loved Muslims nor Pakistan. He loved himself. But he is Pakistan's Savarkar. So you know lol.
If Muslims acted this way, when Muslims were being slaughtered in the region, I would have understood. But No! Somehow, a grown Christian woman, performing there is of more importance to Islam. I hate us right now. Seriously
Not all muslims are from islam you idiot
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood Who else are we suppose to talk to in Muslim land when they produce nothing but filth.
Do you see these pictures in America or any European country? Did Muslims try to wear scarves by forcefully torturing any Christian woman? Aside from questioning what they believe, is it not against human rights to treat people in this way because of their beliefs?
See this is your countries real face, u guys are radical and support islamic terrorism, even u dont hv humanity
U retweet every Anti Nationalist anti hindu psuedo Liberals tweet Intentionally or accidentally Shame on u This is what u will teach to ur children to love radical Islamic Terrorism HaaaHaaa Shame on u
Did you or other muslims ever hit the streets to protest against the kidnapping, rape & forceful conversion of Hindu, Sikh, Christian girls in pakistan ? Why were you silent ? Is it bcoz of ummah ? Do you support radical ismalists ?
So if a nice, conservative, Christian woman gets raped, and she can’t afford to take care of a child that she she doesn’t want or love, what should she do? (This is beyond the time frame argument, a baby should not be eligible to die right before its birth. OBVIOUSLY)
@MoAnsar @MaxBlumenthal Probably bcus only fools &amp; idiots take seriously the "blame someone else for terrorism" industry. Islam is to blame.
RT @ElConfeti: SSSSHHH!  The silent Muslim majority, remains quiet. http://t.co/y2YldDW8qt
Down by FF Gardai and @realDonaldTrump soon the side of trolleys Christian stop three house our free speech protest against the communities and political mosques out of consummated by The #FFFGFO mafia support it is going on how Radical Islam. We have some as long of vaccines.
Don't fight amongst each others... You Muslims.... Don't act like idiots
#Quetta Ind mai attack ho to jihad, Pak mai ho to humanity kai dhusman Double standard nahi chalaga Terrorist is terrorist
We ask accountability on GCC funding of thousands of mosques that are the safe heavens of Islamic terrorism in India. World changed, India shouldn't keep quiet. We ready to fight back.. R u ready? CC @TarekFatah
Not to bright are you Eton? One of your fellow idiots directed a missile and spooked the horse &amp; the FEMALE police officer was thrown off with help from street furniture. God luck in India they will love a Muslim coming home? You will be far more successful in Pakistan.
You mean the fake black guy that is actually Muslim and married a man and called it Michelle? That village idiot! The one voted worst president ever? So you have TDS, got it!
But isn't that what you are doing? and the others that gave replied to me? Looking for a reason to be offended. Because I dared mentioned that some Muslims have broken lockdown as well as the idiots on VE day apparently I'm offending people and a liar.
How many "woke" men are going to date a Pro-Life, conservative, devout Christian woman? Everyone has a right to their preferences.
you have been indoctrinated to call everything "propaganda" which goes against your myths and lies. muslim presence in kashmir from 8th century is from your OWN sources. stop being an idiot
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Science was moving forward in India and Persia before Islam.  Islam only slowed it down.
Actually no they’re not. A public official cannot sure for libel unless the person making the statement is knowingly making a lie. It’s whey Obama cannot sue all your morons for pushing birtherism or calling him a Muslim. It’s because you’re idiots and believe any trash.
Give me name of Non Muslim famous Actors, politicians , journalists, billionaires, players, constitutional post holders of your country, if your country has secular fabric Muslim population in India has increased 7 times since Independence idiot You have killed Hindus of Pak
Alhamdulillah i am a citizen of an Islamic Republic But i don't know how idiot you are, you think we should attack and destroy China because they are doing injustice with Chinese Muslims? They are an autonomous state, it's Thier internal matter, which is wrong
@Snerpusina @Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa Correct. Islamic permission to rape salve girls.
what is repugnant and stupid is that instead of producing "analysis" which you pretend to do, you insult 10's of millions of iranians (and innumerable other Muslims and non-Muslims), for whom Soleimani is a national hero, and the hammer of ISIS. What kind of an idiot does that?
Can you imagine this idiot calling for the Muslim vote?
China has never slaughtered thousands of Uighirs Muslims. Do you want to know how peaceful China and CCP is. China is most democratic country in the world. CCP is not a group of idiots who just want to kill their own people
@uaegov I will stand you killing inoccent Muslims idiots I will not be silent anymore you guys are the worst and if you all think youl have a place in heaven huh your dreaming
Haha fak humans right for Islam terrorism when Hindu people killing in Kashmir what you doing sucking or faking or liking you idiot isis agent kill all Kashmiri Muslim terrorist yeeees 100 time right for them
Exactly, if you can't distinguish the difference between the two verses you're a lost cause. The quranic verse is an instructional passage for Muslims to commit violent acts against non-Muslims. The Biblical verse is simply a description of events. #Idiot
Save a Life, Save All Humanity--Take a Life, Kill All Humanity. with respect please stop talking nonsense. first they are not the messenger of God it's sin to say that.second they don't do jihad killing innocents are not jihad. they are terrorists wild animals. &amp; US are the same
So according to your logic all Pakistanis are terrorist and they should die with corona? Wow. Why mix the army, politicians and common man? And then cry for humanity. May be see a mirror before peddling hate. And if that's so why sudhir made a show on good jihad later after FIR?
deepdown nahii upar se maan lete hai hinduism galat hai but give me some reason to leave it n if u think islam is right then why islamic terrorism around the world? why terroristorganisation set up in the name of islam because allah loves terrorist or u r hidingsomethinginhuman
That feeling when you shake hands with a terrorist who did much worse crimes than Jihad John... Congratulations @JHahnEU you reached the bottom of humanity...
I grew up surrounded by Armenian people. They're one of the most successful, hard-working communities in the L.A. area, AND THEY'RE CHRISTIANS. I support Armenians ANY DAY over any radical Muslim human garbage.
It's freedom of speech it's her opinion she can say that if she feels so.. have you seen what Al Jazeera is saying about India where do idiots like you go than? When girls in Pakistan are married to Muslim men forcefully why are you'll quite than..?
Boris Johnson is a known racist who has compared Muslim women to mailboxes.... the U.K. already has a slightly less spicy version of trump lol. Also try living in the US with no healthcare and no gun control.. then tell me you want a bankrupted (6x) idiot to run your country.
What about your Muslim officer that murdered that white women? We didnt riot like a bunch of freaking idiots. You are stupid
Abey idiot, you said 6 lakh pandits got killed which is wrong. 399 were killed and most Muslims have condemned it. There have been thousands of innocent civilian deaths in the past few years in Kashmir and is still going on. Will u condemn it?
I’m sorry that I took the time to listen to this right before going to sleep I don’t even know these men... But as a Christian woman, my heart breaks Nevertheless, I am secure in Who has called me and in the calling #womeninminstry #womenpreachers
So you're either a useful idiot or you straight up havent seen him round up, arrest, fine or straight up jail Jews who try to assemble in synagogues, meanwhile he gives muslims free food and immunity to arrests and fines when they assemble.
In the #WSABookstore: Why worry about getting mr wrong when you can have mr right? In “A CHRISTIAN WOMAN'S GUIDE TO FINDING PRINCE CHARMING AND KEEPING THE TOADS AWAY” gain knowledge! #dating #datingadvice @womentakingaut1 http://bit.ly/wsabookstore-ads19
This was not a conversion matter you idiot what do you think will happen if someone calls himself muslim and does this ghazi khalid did right and if he had not done it the court would have cause in our constitution it is prohibites
Don't blame Kahn, he is a RADICAL MUSLIM, they like the Democrats in the USA, cannot accept responsibility for their own actions as it would be so RACIST. WHEN WILL THE BRITISH PATRIOTS TAKE BACK THEIR COUNTRY? Ohh I forgot, you idiots gave up your weapons for "security" #fools
Just post the flag of ISIS which says 1st versus of Quran used by terrorists and killing &amp; raping etc. Have you seen anyone opposing it? Since they all are sleeper cells who just waiting for their call to get activated like we saw in Holiday Movie of Akshay Kumar!
What’s so funny is your pseudo intellectual view and claim as if you know what you’re talking about. Talking to you is simple entertainment. I discuss religion with fellow scholars and the Muslims in my family. Not twitter educated idiots like yourself lol
I'm not praising anyone. I'm just saying yall are idiots for letting words offend you. Muslims are called terrorists to this day and I dont see many people complaining... And also why do you guys throw the word educate around? You libs are the ones who hate facts.
@ardiem1m @Alfonso_AraujoG @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam Yeah, being anti Zionist is pretending to have an excuse for being anti Semitic.
U can only imagine it it will never happened in future but still u can imagine its ur choice if u dont know I wanna tell u something that Pakistan will never win match against a India Bcoz Pakistanis are The Radical Islamic terrorism So dont pray for the pakistani to beat us
Im a good Christian woman tryna do the right thing heathen
Lol now people are changing and not following inter caste marriage...why some one has to change to muslim when they marry muslim? Because muslim consider themselves superior to other. Idiot like you try to blame everything on hindu
@zaidbenjamin Daesh really go to extremes to stage their propaganda material.
Obama calls himself a community organizer. He's a terrorist who has always hated America. Blind idiots voted the Muslim P.O.C. into the White House, twice. You can't fix stupid.
You can't prove a fact because facts are already proven...... Stupid argument! You may be brazen idiot, but I will keep our discussion going on "How #ghettoisation of Muslims happens because of Islamic practices?", starting with #Survey reports
@BilalIGhumman @98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 In Islam all the facts are also foul. http://t.co/Dk8XQffRYF
U r right it suffers bcoz of radical islamic terrorism and paks isi.
A @SMQureshiPTI @ImranKhanPTI Friendly advice to the Good People’s Of Pakistan. It’s Safe &amp; good ting 4 Our Nations . PAKi MUST STOP Supporting, sheltering,sponsoring, training &amp; giving medical care••To the Islamic Terrorism. U Must take them Out of your Country.U Will Burn Bg.
I don't know how anyone could work w Heritage, ADF, FPC, EC etc but a lot of the GC activists aren't Radical Feminists, some don't even subscribe to feminism of any kind. I'm aware that some Radical Feminists have worked with christian far-right, obviously I don't support that.
Any idiot with an asshole knows about the protests in Michigan because of the crazy shit that happened there. I can tell you, Barr would sure as shit know about it if the idiots were black or Muslim.
The fool also believes fake news media! Wow. It never was a Muslim you idiot. It included North Korea and omitted most of the largest countries with Muslim majority population. How is it possible that someone running for President would believe the lies? Maybe started by the DNC
@Citywolf_IS3 @azzamalirhabi Looks like the Daeshbags are now completely broken and fleeing the Kobane area. http://t.co/gZnfQd5nNi
What so graffiti on Winston Churchill statue a man who lead this country to war is peaceful protest dont think so yous are far left wankers yous are pure idiots do u condemn anthony Joshua no dont think so and what about all Muslim grooming gangs you ms never protest about that
The radical Christian Taliban here has some biblical reason for having to unwaveringly support them. The filthy rich oligarchs and military industrial complex here need them as a strategic partner in the oil wars.
#EndiaThreatToPeace The allegations followed the British government’s refusal to grant visas to the members of the Hindu radical groups, as they were “linked to the worst anti-Christian violence in India since Partition.” India Support Terrorist
Damn right you’re lucky. You’re a white Christian woman living in America who can freely spew racism and islamaphobia without consequence. Since you basically admitted your privilege, why can’t you acknowledge the destruction and systematic oppressions that come with it?
Idiot can't you get this simple thing? She said yes I am non vegetarian but why PETA questions always Hindu festivals. Why not muslims festivals to not eat non veg? She said if PETA leaves its hypocrisy and say about Bakra Eid then she can also become vegetarian. #openchallenge
Was "pRi" heart this heavy when she was signing for the Ad of face lightening cream? WAS HER STUPID PATHETIC HEART THIS HEAVY WHEN MUSLIMS IN KASHMIR AND INDIA WERE AND ARE DYING OF THE ATROCIOUS HINDU RULE?? IDIOT THINK BEFORE YOU SPEAK. WE HAVEN'T FORGOT THAT TWEET CLOWN.
haifawehbe if you where believer in Jesuschrist , a Christian woman, you would have the freedom that you Always has looked for becouse as Christian men i have to love you and treat you right as Jesuschrist love the… https://www.instagram.com/p/CAuskoxjsdE/?igshid=oxlsfx88kgq5
I never claimed that about muslims, at all. How could you possible type that and not realize you are putting words into my mouth. Anyone who says that the average republican that believes in god are extremists are absolute idiots and their opinion doesn’t matter.
This is what happens when you are a city fun by idiots on the Left. They bring in thousands of Muslims, Africans, and Middle Easterners and expect them to culturally assimilate into a city that was built by Germans and Scandinavians in the 19th century. Marxism does NOT work.
@1fatoshn Tell it to the 120 million Africans that Islam murdered. https://t.co/xWJzpSodGj
You’re a LGBTQ Muslim. Happy and jealous of you. Very very jealous
@rico_hands @semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 Following example of their prophet Muslims are still commonly marrying children. No one else is.
@Sayfudeeen Why do you complain?  Islam has been ethnic cleansing everybody for 1400 years.  Isn't it time to return the favor?
@Rudd1971 Yeap, this is a big problem. The Shia militia is only slightly less fanatical and Islamofascist than the Daesh they are replacing.
You're specialist in labeling that means nothing to me, they are asking from Muslims that on many occasions their husbsnds cut the heads off , kafir, kefir, you're just a bunch of idiots, that think they are something by insulting and actually you are nothing, 0, nada
@UmarMal And I'm not sure how you can yammer about homelessness when Muslims are still murdering people for apostacy and blasphemy.
Antonia maino couldn't touch you sir bcz you got support of india esp. Indian saints.she's a stigma on India and supporter, admirer, fandom of Radical Islamic terrorism and all this type of person we can easily find in Congress Party, so she used to attack on u. @ArnabGoswamiRtv
We ask money or not its our matter and has nothing to do with our border issues. Secondly this country led the muslim world fight against terrorism you idiot. 'islamic military counter terrorism' who's head was Pakistani General Raheel Sharif.
I wish you were just as bothered by fellow Muslims being killed by Obamas 90% civilian death rate drone program than idiots going back into the public.
Keep your "religion" (radical fake Christian extremism) out of our government. You don't care about anything Christlike nor do you support true freedom for Muslims, Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, polytheists, atheists...all and more covered by 1A. You are a soulless monster, Mikhail.
@alihadi68 Virtually all the women being beaten and tortured in the world are getting it from Muslims. http://t.co/0faFKHf7H9
With it's jihad cornerstone, Islam is a religion that was designed for those that would rather loot and rape for a living than work.
That's the sad thing. They live in a society where there are no limits to what you can do, or be. Women are killed for rape, not allowed to read or drive in Muslim countries, castrated to prevent sexual enjoyment, and these idiots are protesting to support that.
Just like u do for radical Islamic terrorism
ISIS and all those other Terrorist organisations are not muslims, they do not follow the basic principles of Islam. And killing innocents is against Quran. It is all clear that ISIS are not muslims as they do not follow Quran. Quran 5:32
She has no idea about how the Islamic terrorism has affected innocent people and taken lakhs of lives. U people deserve this. Each and every one of you who does not oppose the Islamic terrorism will suffer the same. FORGET KASHMIR.
This idiot. Ozil spoke about those Muslims months ago, he’s not leaving Adidas because of that. The real issue here is, you’ve got a problem with those brands supporting the #BlackLivesMatter movement
Oh really those who claiming amthey are opressed ones are the biggest optessors in kashmir do u know that?? They even kills even teenage boys Yelling Islamic slogans ..we will bkt tolerate bloody Islamic terrorism .period ..lol thise never raised voice against this now yelling
Don't fake melodrama here, like him 1000s of pandits have been killed by islamic terrorism. U tweeted this video just to attack union government since there is a video in which ajay is asking for security. Don't do bloody drama here,ur idealogy, ur party has done did to kashmir
so u mean it was his job to report to Arabs, Donald Trump told in India that the whole world needs2unite together to fight Islamic terrorism, shld India start going2US and Israel for all d pigs in this country?
“Not all muslims are from islam, you idiot”
Have you raised voice against jihad Terrorism , sex slavery for them ...No..we want to only curse bjp and rss ..let muslim be illiterate ..we will use them for Terrorist activities ..don't give them govt.policies info to be self dependent. U ppl r curse to humanity
@essel1 I haven't seen Jews go on killing rampage against holocaust deniers. Violence is Islam's answer to everything http://t.co/VmKNWn1aW4
Wow! Bought and paid for by Hillary Hollywood, Wall Street and billionaire donors Pete! This is the Democratic moderate??? The blacks do not support him, Christians do not support him, Independents see him as radical.
@UmarMal And without western invention, the Muslim oil resources would be nothing but a filthy, useless liquid.
Do you idiots genuinely believe that any Muslim extremist needs to get PAID to kill Americans? How do you not have critical thinking skills? This is a non-issue.
@Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa @eS3udi @JRehling But ISIS never attacked Muslims like they did Ezidis, killing them as "non believers"
Right?! This christian woman has had a grudge against me since I put up a yard sign saying...
With all due respect. He’s not disagreeing with JESUS. He thinks is is a chosen Jesus. The radical Christian Right believes that too, and has said it openly. The more trump sinks in to his godship, the more dangerous it becomes for this country. Real Christians don’t support him
No wonder your entire Kaum produces Terrorists globally. All your Ummat Muslims brothers do is carry out Jihad and destroy humanity wherever they settle. Corona is nothing in front of the filth of your religion.
That Piece of Shit will get her dau..! She lives with that weighing her down every day..! She Wrote in her Book that she Closed her Curtains so the Snipers couldn't see her, because "She Knows How They Operate"..! She said when Questioned "I'm a Christian Woman..!" Right..!
Point out to me where I said Muslims are shining examples of tolerance?! People like you who are cannot face opposing ideas to yours can only label people.. Bigot, Idiot, Jihadi, Extremist.. Coz u only see what u urself are!!
Coming soon: The Christian Institute expresses its support for a church’s legal action against Edinburgh Council, Westminster introduces a radical new abortion law in Northern Ireland, and a Christian politician speaks to colleagues of his trust in God. #ChristianInfluence
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Euclid uses Algorithms long before Islam existed. So stop with the garbage. http://t.co/D8XrtdEYao
No you idiot , I’m saying the BLM movement is rasing awareness for unjust killings of black people and some of them were Muslim. Shukri Abdi for example. So i can have a say on it
@CamilleHughes16 @_Watch_Observe_ The idea about all of these "moderate" Muslims is oversold.  Most are extremists. http://t.co/cQJ6cNdGow
@98Halima @rfrankh53 @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj The little girls draw the highest price because of your pedophile prophet.
Their is difference between Muslims and the world's but you idiots sitting in India deny this to save your asses from Hidnu terrorists, now If you can't say something out of your own fear it doesn't mean that it's not exists
@IftikharAwan You choose your religion and Islam is clearly barbaric and inhuman. It has zero to do with god.
This is one reason I actually support hindus converting to Christianity.Indian christians are more bigots than hindus but less than muslims.Christians in india will actually stand in front of radical islam.Hindus are kneeling for sake of secularism.
They are trying to become the American oligarchy & turn our govt into a kleptocracy that benefits the very top. A big part of their support &amp; funding is from the radical evangelicals who want this country to be a WHITE, Christians-ONLY theocracy. Together it is about total power.
@greenlinerzjm @versacezaynx @nyazpolitics Most of the African slaves were slaves of Muslims.
This guy is an idiot. What kind religious freedom makes you praise gods of other religion(s) to prove your peacefulness? That won't bring peace and unity, but more radicalisation. Right, I haven't seen muslims forcing others (it's strongly condemned), it's actually vice versa!
@JoeBiden IDIOT! CANT YOU READ YOUR TELEPROMPTER! CLAIM: President Donald Trump ordered a “Muslim ban” — one that Joe Biden will repeal if he is elected president. VERDICT: FALSE. There is no such “Muslim ban,” and there never was. Trump’s travel ban is legal and constitutional.
@realDonaldTrump nominate my wife to replace Ruth Ginsburg. She'll fight for women's rights with a gun on her hip. She's an upstanding christian woman. Well educated. And she understands the word FREEDOM
I told you, Pantami thinks every Muslim is an idiot.
What the hell do you know about RSS?? Simply don't talk like an idiot. Check the work of RSS first. By the way who is UN to meddle in our internal matters?
@ummahwitness @Marwan_Tunsi_ @alwallawalbara My suggestion would be that the Kuffar bomb the Kabba.
Its true that many politicians r corrupt. Coz they represents corrupt society which houses jihadists & their ideology of jihad. Most jihadists r either active or dormant Terrorist.We can see that in everywhere. They r not just threat to they r a threat to all of humanity.
My child is haunted by witnessing the people dropping to their deaths on 9/11- but Omar giggles! She, is like the terrorists she empathizes with- devoid of all humanity! Omar is like the Nazis- laughing while killing their Jewish victims! Again, the Nazi-radical Jihad connection!
Shattering a stereotype, a successful Republican Christian woman explains why she believes women must have full and unobstructed rights to access sexual and reproductive care. Opinion | It’s time for Republican women to speak up for reproductive rights
THAT is why Muslims pray facing towards it. It's not "OOO BIG CUBE HURRDURR". The mosque it's located in is literally called the Grand Mosque, because it's considered the holiest/most important of all mosques. Read up on this shit before you make yourself look like an idiot. 2/2
@ummayman90 And Muslims are expected to fear god as well.  If living in fear is your idea of perfect, you are stupid.
Right! Simply because she’s a southern, baptist, christian woman !!! Such a hypocrite !!! That’s why she and L T like each other a lot
They were murdered by British Invasion who were then betrayed which gave America to every culture in the world this does include Muslims, Texas was stolen from a Mexico and you now have the biggest idiot in the world in charge!I think you should focus on your own problems first
U pigs were always silent on radical islamic terrorism..,percecution of hindus in pakistan but bark day nd night for India..
True Muslim, like Dawood Ibrahim, hafeez saeed, Afzal Guru, Kasab, osama. Plz do not talk abt peace and humanity. You just want to kill non muslims and do jihad. That's why whole world doubts you, and seen you as terrorist.
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess Muslims are fighting Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, Christians, atheists and animists somewhere in the world.
I’m a Muslim. And I love all religions especially Christianity and Judaism. I have lots of Christian &amp; Jewish friends, and I support Israel and the Western European Judeo-Christian civilization against Radical Islamism. And so does millions of other Muslim.
Feel better Tammy? Doesn't change the fact that Muslims were promoting hate towards Israelis at their Toronto rally. The only idiot I see is you, the one who agrees with the Muslims. Now move along!
Who persecuted Christians? And I strongly oppose radical Hindutva ideology n support secularism.. But I am opposing ur Rep coz she is trying to interfere in Kashmir issue.. Because of these interventions, the area get even more destabilized..
3. Insisting that a Christian woman cover her hair cannot be a breach of her right because not covering her hair is not a protected right. 3/
means to say that u r against with ur ashamni kitaab lins reailty and factuality iss more dangerous for jihadi and islamic terrorism, coz thy hav faith in ashamani kitab which hav no author, btw upcoming tym solv ur all problms , just wait n watch
So muslim terrorists can wave isis flag and hand out terrorist manifesto (aka quran) but those rednecks can't wave a flag that lost it's meaning? There's no confederation any more! I've lived my whole life in a muslim country. This religion is the very definition of terrorism.
oh i know type o negative, october rust is one of the best gothic metal albums. Peter steele is awesome. Black no1,my girlfriends girlfriend and christian woman made me a fan right away.
He was not appointed by the Soviets you idiot. He was a Salafist who opposed the Godless invaders (Soviets). He opposed the invasion of a Muslim country by the kaafir. That was his ideological base.
You can try the mass shooting stuff again but doesnt even come remotely close to the scale of 9/11 2,977 dead in seconds. No other group comes close to that and with all the stabbings in the UK, the muslim van attack in Toronto, we have a right to be worried #idiots
It’s only because I’m a good, Christian woman that I choose not to curse you out right now.
Dude, every terrorist have something like this to claim....he was under stress, she was forced, he was in anger, she was groomed... The truth is we as a civilized humanity loving people have to take decisions- sometimes hard and not popular Jihad is real. Don't succumb.....
Islamic Jihad is the biggest disease &amp; curse on humanity. But still Jihadists are travelling to Hot Spots like Syria, Iran, Iraq, Nigeria...Others u know very well. Racists..Sunnis, Shias, Wahabis ; hate each other..Others u know very well. Teach what u preach. #Terrorists
There are ISIS, Boko Haram, Al-Qaeda, Al-Shabab, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Union, Jamaat al Dawa al Quran, and a 100 more designated Islamist terrorist organizations, but the confidence with which Hussain Haidry calls Hindus ‘terrorists’ — quite impressive, no? @KhanAmanatullah
Fake Christians: we did some digging and found out that the radical left denied a god fearing woman from the team! *Posts video of her literally saying she quit the team because she doesn't support other human beings* Us:
Her words went somethkng like this: I trust in how I have raised you as a Christian woman and I believe you will do what is right but in the event you make a different choice I want you to be well-equipped.
If u r a Christian you will not support Planned Parenthood and the radical homosexual agenda. So let’s see. Please don’t take Ky back into the abyss of sin and depravity with your policies
@usamani1 Seems like being a Muslim and living off a steady diet of conspiracy theories go together.  Islam is a religion of ignorance.
But they arent muslim. Commiting qcts like that take you put of the fold of islam. Therefore they arent muslim. They lost their right to be a muslim when they started being brainwashed by idiots
Are you an idiot or something. Hagia sophia was a church during the Byzantium rule, muslims conquered Constantinople (present day Istanbul) and converted the great church into a mosque. So, it was originally a "Church"
I just realised.. That picture on the noose is of a Hindu man killed by muslims in Indian state of bengal close to Bangladesh border. The fight of non muslims to save themselves and their future is gruesome #idiot you know nothing abt ishlaaam and moslems
You pride yourself on being a Christian woman, yet you told this woman to go to hell. Disagreements are one thing; hostilities are another. You know you need to make it right.
@SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff @etsho127 I know this because all of the people fighting against Assad now are Islamofascists.
Will they allow the marriage when girl was muslim and boy was non Muslim? Idiot Two faced people that is why the world hates you and u defend it by saying Islamophobia.
And u r the future of islamic terrorism
DEMS: we support women’s rights to have abortions. GOP: AOC and radical left want to kill all Christian babies.
Are these BLM or Antifa idiots. Antifa is atheist and will destroy all religions. BLM is Muslim so you can see why they hate the Jewish faith.
Prohibition of destroying places of worship is mentioned in Quran. Such places are to be protected. ISIS Terrorists hate Quranic verses that contains this kind of message. They destroy mosques and other houses of worship #Quran #VerseOfTheDay
Yes and was reading Quran then prayed 2 rakka...then said I am ISIS...I am terrorist not usual criminal...thats how concluded it was terrorism
RT @RavenHUWolf: Arab slave trade: 140 to 200 million non-Muslim slaves from all colors and nationalities - still happening today!http://t…
Idiots going nowhere, can't run by shooting the nation's own foot! Israelis are very near in india, in Kashmir, "waiting to shoot you in the other foot then in your muslim head!
RT @God_Equals_Sant: Saudi Arabia sewer qurans. When you can't express your hatred for Islam in words, throw them in the sewer. http://t.co…
In the 93/94 % of attack terroristics jadhists the victims are muslims arabs or Afrikaans. The rest are attacks murders against Israeli, Europeans or unbelieves in all the world.. Mehmet you are or victim or a idiot or a jadhist..
@discerningmumin Islam is a pile of manure that destroys human freedom, human life, human expression and creates endless divisiveness.
So I’m deeply brainwashed? A mother of 4, business owner and Christian woman. so anyone who thinks differently than you is clearly brainwashed right? I just want to make sure I’m understanding your statement correctly.
NOT ISIS. I repeat NOT ISIS. ISIS claims to be Islamic, but they’re just terrorists and use that as an excuse. The Quran condemns any sort of violence; even against an ant. So how could we harm innocent children and human beings ?
Marathas ended Mughal rule, does that mean we are your fathers now? And Aurangzeb and all Indian Muslim rulers were central Asian not from present day Pakistan idiot. You are loyal dog to your abusive Arab Turk masters who converted you. We defeated them.
I was born in a muslim family in iraq Lived among them I know Quran more than you do Not all muslims are isis nor all Christians are kkk Those do not represent islam not any religion. In fact 92% of people who were killed by those terrorists groups are muslim.
@HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan Turkey and Egypt used to be mostly Christian and the Muslims have mostly exterminated them.
Dear idiot, All have undergone #Covid19 test before taking part in this ritual. Is this what you called most illogical excuse ?? And your idea's of divide and rule will also not work here as one of the petitioner was Muslim.
Wonder Who Jesus Prayed To Islam Do You Know Prophet of Islam Because I Am Confused Right Now Why Are You Following Me A Christian Woman of God I Am Not Muslim Jesus is My King
Do what will happen? We want Jerusalem not only as Capital of Palastinians but Jerusalem is third holiest place for Muslims We will get it and never let go you idiot
@AmandaSheils1 @Colonel_Shami You are pandering to a religion that declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
Soros is an idiot. When you have that much money you can have a platform to say anything even if it is stupid. He is contributing to over population of the earth and at some time we will run out of resources. Some of us have taken steps to reduce overpopulation, not Muslims!
is terrorism, people will continue to die. Now they are using a deadly virus as well as guns. They can wrap themselves in the American flag and thump a bible they have never read, just like Alqaeda and ISIS do with the Quran, they are terrorists, period.
No Muslim wants to kill you bro there's 1500 or 15000 or so idiots who misrepresented Islam and you think the majority 1b + people are like that? If anyone you know lives in Dubai or Saudi ask them how they're treated theres many Christian in Palestine as well
No need, just destroy all the mosques. This is what you needed right before you will fight China and CoVid19. An internal war with Muslims would strengthen India. I am sure. This is why idiot BJP followers like you make this a priority. Are you a Chinese bot?
The ones were you call Muslims 'bank robbers' or Black folk 'picanninies' ( Bojo isn't a comedian) But Guardian's cartoon (is satire!) of Patel as a bull with a nose ring is 'racist and offensive, both culturally and religiously' Can't make up the cognitive dissonance - idiots!
@AmitShah @ZeeNewsEnglish @BDUTT barkha u wish to bring India in shameful position in glob, but in entire world only &amp; only muslims r spreading terrorism &amp; secular journalists proves that Indian secular journalists r funded by Islamic terrorism.
I'm a Muslim and not a terrorist. I don't condone any acts of terrorism regardless of background. A terrorist attack is a terrorist attack and all terrorists should be punished. Can you say the same?
Must be real hard being a white skinned, blonde haired, blue eyed, right wing, straight, CIS, christian woman in America. Poor baby:(
@hstapanghosh They will all have no skills except jihad.
U r ready to point out a small grp activity as terrorism but u dont have the guts to speak bout islamic terrorism which pushed this world into chaos time and again go to wikipedia and look for islamic terror org ur facts will be updated
You are literally idiot and embarrassing. My own people! Am brown us arabs aren't black or white. How tf I'm being racist when I told him that you need to save that energy Palestine case isn't just for Palestinians, but for all arabs and muslims in general so how tf I'm racist!
Is this not a terrorist act against humanity when media can make 'love jihad'which actually doesn't exist as a countries biggest issue and now being silent when these terrorist on national television speaks about terrorist act with plan @asadowaisi @ArvindKejriwal
Don't you hate being a superficial idiot ? Q: Which seven countries and WHY those specifically ? A: Countries that export Muslim terrorists
Children in Pakistan, journalists in Paris, shoppers in Australia, Ezidis in Iraq.  It all comes from the death cult of #Islam.
Please stand with the Baloch, Sindh people Bcoz everyday Hindu,Sikh,Christian, Jain has forcefully converted to Islam Have guts to speak on Islamic Terrorism Pakistan is doing Ethnic cleansing of Hindus &amp; Genocide of Hindus Still u r Silent ? R U Jihadi ? #BlackLivesMattter
Public are rightfully angry with police about muslim paedophiles who 4 decades had police protection but what is happening now 4 someone who has been in the force must make you furious i would be but until women are kept out of politics/power the PC will idiots remain &amp; ruin UK
@ImranKhanPTI @OfficialDGISPR Some Idiots preach India on secularism, and they themselves are declared muslim country and this is reality of Hindus there. So you bastards keep your shit mouth shut.
Pure and simple they suck they had a lot of people Hoodwinked and they've capitulated. If they didn't support anything that would be okay, but to drop Christian organizations &amp; support radical leftists tells me all I need to know...
@LifeInKhilafah And those few discoveries were made despite Islam, not because of it. Islam has contributed nothing to mankind in 1000 years
I stand by you, Hallmark. It is not right. It is a family channel. I find it very uncomfortable as a Christian woman and mother.
@IncKinju go to hell BJP &amp; RSS we support for save India for destruction of Pakistan, radical Islam, bitter Muslim, dumb congress, ahinsa of gandhi and idiot like you.
So......I guess she's saying it's ok for her to lie because she's "a christian woman?" Sounds about right. I despise these people who use their fake ass faith to justify their corruption, their bigotry, their intolerance, and their hate.
Well @ChickfilA the SPLC is a far leftist organization anti-Christian PAC, labeling all groups that don't support their radical hare groups. Might as well donate to Planned Parenthood and GLAAD.
are you idiot, name the modern things around you that weren't invented by whites. Muslims did pioneer in algebra but most inventions on which our entire world is running on were invented after renaissance. And yes, not to forget Greek thinkers and inventors (1/2)
@washingtonpost mother fuckers why you have so poision against Hindus... because now a days indian Hindu are more scholars and smarter then you white idiot of America..don't forget muslim terrorist have inserted a Aeroplane in your ass..he is CM yogi Adityanath better respect him
For sure! Plus Trump and his rabid pack of supporters would be smearing him as a radical and making racist remarks (because no way he'd be white). I'm an atheist and I feel like I support the kind of legislation Jesus would more than most Christians. I don't get it.
Terrorism, jihad words came 4m pakistan 4m many many years &amp; India suffering even now. 98% of world terror organizations are from that only. This is accepted by all &amp; world is calling so. PM Modi told in 2014 that no good/bad terrorist,Terrorist is againt humanity&amp;has no religion
Zakir Naik? Him? That ISIS supporting terrorist? Who next? Baghdadi Get a life Talk Quran and exegesis from authentic scholars. Not terror promoters
Stop giving oxygen to radical islamic terrorism,,,,why some so called stupid thinkers like u support blood thirsty terrorists???
This is jihad against humanity. We must neutralize such terrorists. @AmitShah
That’s what you get when allowing useless Idiots acting as a Muslim to your country, it has nothing to do with diversity. What you need is people who add value to your community not sucking up your resources.
@imranjohn60 this is what Quran teaches actually I can show you lacs of evidences about Radical Islam teachings! There are crores of mullas preaching hate, zehadi bombing innocents Isis terrorists are killing ppls! And you are talking about Quran and Islam! These are poisions
This “Clown” became a Muslim thru his useless girlfriend that is using him as an instrument to destroy America. Then you have “Idiots” like “Nike” helping them.!!!!!!!!
Bloody hell some of the comments on here. Will Muslims ever get a sense of humour. This is funny. It's not haram to laugh and be happy..its a family that pray together and you van clearly see the love and islam in the household. Seriously, the people making remarks are idiots.
This is blatantly false. “Normal” Christians all over America support policies that remove rights from people based on their own religious beliefs. Muslims all over the world condem radical groups. Your arguments are absolutely devoid of logic.
My mom is roasting homophobes on Facebook right now and I’m living for all of her god fearing Christian woman responses to people bringing religion into it. We love a progressive queen.
Neither will dickriding Arab people help. y’all Muslim Somalis need to realize putting Somali struggles before Arab struggles does not make you less Muslim stop letting the Arabs make you feel like less of a Muslim for caring about your people first. bunch of idiots
Trump told China's president that building concentration camps for millions of Uighur Muslims was 'exactly the right thing to do.’ This is going to get so ugly. I hope the idiot doesn’t strokes out. That would be a real loss don’t you think?
No my ancestors converted you idiot to escape you’re religion caste system that’s all. Secondly ahmediyas, Shias etc are all sects and not castes. Lastly we muslims know matter our differences always united to fight external enemies
@kareemMajjour @Bennettruth @MaxBlumenthal Palestinians train the children to hate Israelis and then us their confrontations for propaganda
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Do you think that the mindless little bozos at Salon understand that  Quran is full of bigotry. http://t.co/3JZwrONpWX
RT @PopeSweetMusic: @rbassilian @ProudPatriot101 @Protoshiv the question is, is there hope for a peacful coexisting islam. No. The answer i…
right and yes we all make mistakes and fall into sin but like you said it’s ironic that now when it’s time to take action she wants to be seen as a Christian woman. it’s a little fishy
There are very good reasons those 2 @Ilhan &amp; @RashidaTlaib were not allowed in @israel by their great leader @netanyahu ! They are radical Muslims who are #Antisemitic &amp; hate #Christians &amp; support terrorism, besides being totally incompetent @HouseDemocrats !
Why is world only concerned about rights of Muslims @illhan why people like u r absent when Hindus Buddhists Kurds Sikhs Christians die by Islamic jihad why do you forget Hindus Genocide done by rohinghyas &amp;Kashmiri terrorists please fight for humanity using ur position
“Extremism is so easy when you go far enough to the right, you meet the same idiots coming around from the left” For Example Right: All Muslims are Islamic Terrorists Left: All Cops are Bastards See the lunacy?Step back and see the purported generalizations to divide us all
Lol do you pay taxes. Why do you pay taxes for? I mean everything is for free im mean the road build themselves the the army needs no money to protect you and the nation they magic just have all the funding some people are idiots . By the way zika is what muslims pay which more
shamefully shamelessness - the Hindu holy scriptures thrown aside in the same manner the Alqaeda and ISIS terrorists do with the Quran - the big difference between them - Modi’s government supports these facists and racist and islamophobics - disgusting - genocidals
By that logic, all exmuslim accounts are from muslim who are just in doubt without further clarification and you generalized it, its only make your data fraud, idiot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JX6St9bbUVc Who are these ? Which phobia have they got ? Always propaganda about Hindu Muslim. Are you an Idiot or a Joker ?
True, because only an idiot could have misinterpreted what you said. Black = criminal/gangster. Muslim/Arab = a terrorist. God forbid anyone attribute any of these terminologies to white people. They're not terrorists, they're "practising the 2nd Amendment".
Oh really are you above courts who prove Narendra Modi non guilty and idiots if you don't know it was not started by Hindus it was muslims who burnt the train
Selective and fake journalism. Seems your so-called 'experts' are high on weed. Radical Islam is real and Muslim fanatics will someday kill you guys just like Charlie Hebdo case. Mark my words, you idiots.
Listen her carefully & be aware of these #extremist #islamiterrorism #isis #terrorism #terrorist #Pakistani oppose them #muslim bro. &amp; sister's they threat to the global Peace #Quran #ThursdayMotivation #thursdaymorning
You are the cult here You bring no evidence to your claims and can't back them up because you won't like my answers You sympathise with Terrorists by giving isis and their ilks a reason why they do what they do even though the quran actually forbids that
65 YRS N MORE DOS IDIOT OF D POOR ALLOWED YOU SCMS TO RULE WITH YOUR LOUSIEST, DIRTIEST SHITISH SLOGAN GARIBI HATTAO. NO SHAME. GO TO CHINA N TAKE CARE OF UGHAR MUSLIMS
You replied in support of a tweet that's saying masks are a gateway to Democrats making women wear hijabs and I'm an idiot for not recognizing that you were only supporting the racist part of the tweet? Uh, okay. (I have muslim friends so I can tell you: not all wear them).
@HNK2TheRescue @AtheiStranger @Independent @IndyVoices It doesn't count for the vile people practicing vile Islam. http://t.co/5uNZKCyP3i
Don’t forget, she always tell you that she is a Christian Woman. Yeah RIGHT!!
Read my tweet, I said idiots on both sides. All the self riotous are out in force as usual, and before you call me racist, speak with my large number of Muslim, Sikh and black friends, oh and my white ones that I probably ain't allowed to mention.
Pitiable.. It was bcoz their existence was in danger...First of all why were ISIS,Al Quida,SIMI and numerous Islamic terrorist organizations got created. Wasn't is Jihad that has been driving them and causing a great threat and damage to humanity..where did it come from ?
You demand Free kashmir for muslims &amp; Demand Free khalistan for Sikhs. I've no issue that Hindu hating Islamist guys or khalistanis like u. I feel sad for self hating Hindu idiots like @asapnavv who support Islamist n khalistani causes risking their own survival.
@1oNo1_Islam This is lying propaganda. If you want to know what filth and hatred Islam is, just read the Quran.
@brassidio @rayyoosheh @waffle_gurl Islam is a believe system based mainly on illusion. Overlooking gross barbarity is necessary.
@LLiraqi Exactly.  Read the Quran and the Hadiths and find out for yourself how hateful, bigoted, sexist, vile and inhuman #Islam is.
Every temple need not be open to every one. There are private temple, there are community temples and public temples. Even masjids and churches are not open to all. Show me a single instance of a Labbai Muslim becoming a maulvi. You stupid idiot. Tweeting without any knowledge
@LindseyGrahamSC quit being a deep state cuck and bring that dirty Muslim in for questioning. There is enough evidence against him before the spying on Trump to put him in jail for life. You and the blind democrat idiots can’t see past Hillary losing to make any sense of reality
kindly mention which sangh are u talking about.....islamic terrorism sangh, communist commie sangh . as the term sangh simply means ''assembly or congregation''
I really hate Muslim twitter. You guys are idiots.
As a Christian woman and as a minority in this country, I have to stand for what is right. #onerace #humanrights #nopolitics #loveourneighbor #nohate #Goddoesloveyou #truegospel #BLM #Atlanta
Idiots, why don't you go fight the British who killed millions of Indians and Hindus long back ago and then fight Muslims ?? This is ridiculous,, ignorant fools of the century brainwashed by Godi media and RSS
We are in an era where everyone has come to understand what the real #Islam is all about. http://t.co/evEtQqChxZ
Just ask her which Muslim men are missing?Whose bodies have been thrown in sewage?She is talking shit without any proof. Do you think people are idiots to believe this.And what she is doing here. She is openly supporting only one community as if hindus were not targeted in riots
Who are you? Who made you worried about it? Just look at your issues first like your London is about to become a state of radical islam and later you will see english &amp; christian terrorists. Rest as far as the @INCIndia is concerned, they support anti India agendas like Pak does.
Oh it is easy to condemn fellow hindu citizen to nail the hypocracy but don't have an iota of courage to condemn the islamic terrorism. And that's the whole business the bunty bublly doing in media. This is the weakness of democracy u r exploiting to fullest bitch.
And no, not all Muslims are Wahhabists you racist idiot. The proportion of terrorists in the Uyghur population is minuscule. China should stop whining about their barely existent terrorist threat and leave the Uyghurs alone
We would be much better off figuring out what to do about Islamofascim than ranting about freedom of speech or who went to Paris. #Islam
Over here we basically hate the illegal immigrants and Muslim rape gangs, however if you speak against it you are racist. We had similar riots over here when cops planted a gun on a black lad and shot him but again idiots looted and ruined normal folk instead of government stuff
But i know that Turkish president Erdogan likes all of these countries..Trump said to him "You are idiot"...Putin ordered him to buy some russian weapons..Erdogan uses mercenaries to kill Muslim people in Syria Libya Iraq, not even against Israel.
GRATER kee you there. Stop being an idiot. A Muslim can even pray while sitting, standing or even lying down... Why are you so unfortunate all the time?
U r our hero...keep raising ur voice against radical islamic terrorism#WithYouSonuNigam
Palestine will become another Pakistan which will become another center of Islamic terrorism. Prevent it. I support u Israel!!!
Even men who claimed to be feminist are only pretending. Since d dawn of man, and till d end of time, a male and a female can never maintain equal right. Don't forget d Holy Book calls female folks a help mete (mate). Any Christian woman who declears herself a feminist is dinner
@donnabrazile Christian woman ??? Right waste of flesh
Donna Brazile is not a Christian Woman as she claims. She uses false humility to pull the wool over the spiritually deficient hosts on @FoxNews. The hosts on Fox barely blinked an eye when she told RM to go to Hell. Fox hosts w/n know the devil if he was staring right at them
It was not “change in stance when encountered”. It was a clarification for idiots like you who don’t understand the core topic being discussed and bring in their Hindu Muslim phobia everywhere.
Quran does'nt says to take innocent lives but ISIS does Then how Isis be muslim??they have only muslim name like #Rss_terrorists Having hindu name
And you are one of them to believe those idiots,who are even afraid by the word Muslim. From where it started? you need to look at root cause of it.
Politicians...are terrorists...many tics...terrorizing...humanity...police...many lice...harassing humanity...we are all simply debt slaves...
Noticed that #evangelicals &amp; #mormons are fighting for the right to continue to discriminate against LGTB people. Their biggest worry? A trans woman having a shit with a “Christian” woman.
Hey Black, White, Asian, Muslim, Christian how you vote does not change your race, religion, place origin. Just sayin cause some Idiot said so today. #BidenIsRacist #election2020 #MAGA2020 @realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden
You'll always have idiots in the World and anyone or organization who supports Black Lives Muslims can be considered Racist, All Lives Matter period and why people supports BLM and their continuing reverse KKK propaganda is as disturbing and disruptive against American values!
@AAlwuhaib1977 @dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ the abuse that Christians who are stuck living with violent Muslims endure.
You are right, but in all fairness this is not about anything other than some idiots doing something criminal, nothing to do with being pakis or Muslims, its the same as those Indians raped a girl in a bus, nothing to do with being Indian or Hindu but just criminals.
@Bruciebabe @andyblueskyz @End_Bigotry @chezkig1 @ericcartmanfat @AbbsWinston All the Jews,Christians and gays would be dead. Women enslaved
Obama dropped 126,000 bombs on 7 Muslim nations , held Tuesday kill group meetings and drone executed a 16 year old US citizen, he's a vile and disgusting human being. As I said before, it is precisely because of brainwashed and ignorant idiots like you that we have Trump.
He believes in Allah only not some Mullah's nonsense... he shows mirror to these idiots and I think that is what a true Muslim should do. Aside as per Islam only Allah can judge him, who are you to call him these all things? Who stopped u from filing the case?
Ad hominem attacks with no source on substance, you're an ignorant child. People lived longer in the Muslim world than in France in the middle ages. They had dietary laws you idiot as one reason. Now, try on some big boy pants..
Trump: Starts gassing Muslims You idiots: don’t worry guys, the pee tape is coming out any day now
Remember in March Johns Hopkins predicted that India will have 100 million Coronavirus cases by the end of July, but you idiots wasted all the time blaming Muslims capturing pigeons and yelling Pakistan Pakistan on tv now get ready
Not just the radical christians, Anthony.The whole political establishment supports israel in tandem with bipartisan support.Every candidate except Tulsi, Sanders and Warren supports israel. It is not just the christian right and we need to stand up for the Palestinians right now
Dude stfu and debate? What did thd statues have to do with this. Why are you guys tearing down statues that had nothing to do with slavery? Also why arent you guys going after muslim or the prophet dude had tonnes of slaves. And somehow im the idiot cause i see the hypocrisy
I think we need to stop using the word "Christian" to refer to these people, given they support a man who is unarguably the antithesis of Christ-like. How about "Radical Evangelical Extremists"?
@Kaya786 @fai3an_H My opinions of Islam don't come from the media. They come from the Quran and Hadiths.
Lol! It's understandable that you are followers of idiot Mirza Al Kadhab you will make such claims! Khatim do means best but in Quran it means "last" and "seal" two Qiraats! This is the way companions and Early Muslim took this verse and their are tons of Ahadees to support this
Prateek ji you must feel like a complete 'Chutiya' after hearing Mujibur Rahman venerating Babar. You are an idiot to think that Mujib is not understanding. He &amp; most Muslims are clear. Islam is never about tolerance &amp; assimilation &amp; it's brute force that made Islam conquer lands
Bro, I have zero hate with kashmiri guys, but for few action of few idiots, you blame whole india. That's not right. I have Muslim friends and even I have a kashmiri friend. We talk nicely with each other. If u want a proper debate then I'm down for it. But if you slang then no
@buellerishere a Again, give me a verse number that shows that ISIS is not following Islam.
Terrorists have no religion, no nation, no humanity, blah, blah, ...while the terrorists openly declare it is Jihad. It's a war on kaffir Hindus, Sikhs, Christians (depending on where they fight). Sidhu is an apologist. But, Capt Amrinder's helplessness gives him the strength.
Why do you respond to such idiots. Those Muslims who will follow him will make themselves unlivable in India. It's their loss. Those who can reconcile with their faith &amp; be patriotic will flourish. Partition has opened many choices for Indian Muslims.
Yes plz highlight the hindu extremist,which is coinned by muslims to counter islamic terrorism.Nothing is gonna happen to RSS because unlike muslims its not terrorist organization.Just so u know there is no Non Muslims extremism but only muslim extremism or terrorists.
U radical islamist terrorist everybody u knows ur reality world suffering from islamic terrorism morethan anyother pandemic
As a Christian woman, I’m telling you to sit down and shut up. We are the least persecuted group of people in the US. You go ahead and go underground. I’m going to be right here helping brush the dirt off my Muslim brothers coat after your hate runs them over.
#ArnabExposesSonia #Secular_Terrorists_Killed_Sadhus #ISupportArnabGoswami #ISupportArnab #WeSupportArnab #WeSupportArnabGoswami #Congress_Mukt_Bharat #Jihadi_Jihad_Mukt_Bharat #Communists_Mukt_Bharat If Hindus-Humanity want to SURVIVE&gt; Cremate SECULARISM MINORITISM+ ASAP
https://twitter.com/MrSomtoOkonkwo/status/1269315113904979968?s=19 it is Only in Evil British Amalgamation Zoo Called Nigeria, that Deadly Fulani ISIS Jihad Terrorist Groups migrates to the Government Offices,because they have hijacked the Power,IPOB Family Worldwide can never be part of this Crime against Humanity.
Idiot go and talk to a muslim or Christian like this. You will know. Of course you don't have the spine to do it. We as a community have kept quiet for long. Dont think you can continue your harassment of Brahmins indefinitely. I sport a shikhA too. my right. Now what?
@yuskan0723 @essel1 You mean hapless genocidal Palestinian Islamolunatics that are determined to erase Israel from the map?
Terrorism in the name of Jihad is so naive tbh! These terrorists have no religion and they have got no humanity left in them... :(
Idiot...he exposed the kids being raped by grooming gangs...that the council..the police..the social services covered up..I’ve lived in one of those towns..where’s the grooming report...multiple muslim men raping white kids..you ok with that?
@shamsmuna @ajwatamr Don't be an idiot. The Quran and the Hadith declared war on all mankind 1400 years ago. Time for mankind to declare war
#LetterFromPakistan Noble peace prize winner @Malala over equal rights for woman and Christian woman Asia Bibi over blasphemy charges has to ran for their lives from pakistan..
@harmlesstree2 Mohammed led 17 major military expedition and murdered &amp; raped and enslaved tens of thousands.Jesus,Buddha, Lao Tse lead none
Attention Christian Zionist Idiots: The Ten Commandments do not apply to non-Jews. Fake Jews can murder Palestinian Christians and Muslims or steal or destroy their property because you support evil.
Please @Channel7 lose this Pete Evans clown. He is dangerous. #MKR http://t.co/ivWizhGnsn
What he streamed was already public knowledge. How is that jeopardising a trial? Still OK with authorities covering up our lovely peaceful Muslim rape gangs? Idiots like me are watching this country go down the shithole. Hope you enjoy our great future.
He's the same guy who said Syeds are the chosen ones and they have been sent down to lead the entire Muslim Ummah. He also said Syeds are superior and rest of us are here to follow. Can you expect a better statement coming from an idiot like him? At least, I can't. smh.
Me. I even went for a Christian woman. Ultimately ended up atheist as did my wife on her own. I lucked out with the right woman. Still happily married if not moreso.
How can u claim u r Muslim idiot when you are one of them! #WakeUpUmmah4UmarBinAbdulAziz gang is silent over Saudis Crimes against Prophet Muhammad saw. family's holy graves! Where is this ummah today against the demolition of JannatulBaqi by Ale Saud. Where is the outrage ?
@AAlwuhaib1977 @dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ ...She does to the IDF, Hamas would have put a bullet in her head long ago.
So you don't know any. Okay cool, thanks for clarifying. FYI, there are Brits who also strongly believe homosexuality is a sin, abuse their wives, and are paedophiles. Do those minority idiots also represent other Brits, like you claim the same does for Muslims in general?
Don't complain! The seed of what your Fore fathers like Afonja did is what you're harvesting today. @AsiwajuTinubu has started the same thing to sell out the Yoruba nation to Fulani caliphate as a Muslim idiot.
Chemical weapons? War crimes? Crimes against humanity? Crimes against their own citizens? And you’re scared of ‘jihad’?! Whatever you think it is, you’re already being ruled by a terrorist state! @fayedsouza @RanaAyyub Please amplify!!
Bruh u are so ignorant isis doesn’t do that because she is non Muslim they do that because they are terrorists and in the Quran it literally says religion must not be forced upon enyone unlike the crusaders who massacred evryone who was not Christian so stfu u ignorant maga mf
We all know that you are supporter of #Jihad and an activist of #ISIS in the form of @JantaKaReporter . PM Shri #NarendraModi is a messenger of #love Peace and humanity. Don't underestimate us, we will never spare jihadi #Terrorists . @republic @UN @CNN @BJP4India @ZeeNews
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood But the pedophile prophet Mohammed only cared about his pecker and his perverted desires.
Peacefully protesting for The Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas? You really think people are buying this garbage? Money is provided by the terrorists to raise money to elect democrats that will give away the farm to Islam. You’re an idiot if you think people are buying this hoax.
@HNK2TheRescue @AtheiStranger @Independent @IndyVoices The term Islamophobia is like the term Naziphobia - stupid.
guess where my parents were born and brought up guess where my siblings where born and brought up Pakistan a predominantly MUSLIM country. Also there are Sunni muslims shia muslims so dont give me this bs. You know nothing about islam. So try and say u know more me now. Idiot
They also do not realize that most Muslim nations are slave Traders. Shows you what a bunch of Clueless idiots they are. Most of their slaves come from Africa still to this day
I thought you are evolved muslim. ! Dubey did not go out on the order of mulla or kuran to kill kafirs. He was criminal and killed police. Islamic terrorist who are taught in Madrassa to kill non-believers and they do that.. Do you understand difference? or you are just idiot.
Agree with you @majorgauravarya. Indians with @narendramodi think that @realDonaldTrump &amp; Americans are fair intellect &amp; intelligent to crush terrorist rogued state Pakistan that is detrimental, harmful to the world &amp;humanity.Jihad,suicide bombings, terrorism are on Pakis blood
U r spreading venom against Hindus, first check ur islamic terrorism all around the world. Carrying indian passport and doing anti india activities,
@AMohedin Okay, so we understand that the Quran makes striking a woman an option and that the woman must obey the man.
From your bio alone I can tell you’re one of those Muslims that wouldn’t hesitate to excuse Islamophobia. Aka, an idiot. And an hominem kinda shows you have no valid point since instead of addressing what she said, you’re attacking and invalidating her
So nxt time when you speak about terrorism plz go through headlines of mass killing in U.S schools and increase ur perspective regarding terrorism. As for ur 'islamic' terrorism its U.S made groups against shia muslims and Iran. Go n shit n face of bush n obama not on Twitter
Just ignore the idiot, you can’t fix stupid. We, Muslims know the truth.
Did you read history are not. Do you know gandhi subash Chandra bose jjansu laxmibahi. Are they not freedom fighters. Not only muslims idiot sikhs jains hindus parsies jews . everybody fought against british. Jinnah is the one who demanded partition read british journal.
Islamic terrorism is spreading all over the world as corona virus U all are nkli Muslim and terrorist lover
Do u hv mind or entirely sold out??? U rascal, what the hell u report about india bypassing the true story of islamic terrorism through out the world. If u really belong to USA than hv u forgot 09/11?? It seems u hv adopted fundamentalist islam. keep it up like deaf n dumb
@JihadiA8 @Lisa_Marie74 Your prophet used catapults to attack cities, murdering women and children.  So what are you crying about?
@pNibbler @AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal Mohammed led 17 major military expeditions that killed tens of thousands. Jesus led none.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Yes, unlike the gulf Muslim countries where they still behead and won't let women drive.
Belle, so many Christian woman here in TX that hate men that are self-centered, liars, and cheaters. But, they are so fast to defend Trump when he’s criticized. Just says that racism is their highest priority. Right? How else can it be explained?
Whatever noble prizes we Muslims have bright history and you idiots can't match us.
You’re taking shite. She knows how far she can go. How do you think law abiding peaceful Muslims feel when that idiot is encouraging hatred towards them all? People believe her lies and propaganda. I’m Not going to get anywhere with you because you agree with her.
When the poor vendor replied MUSLIM, the SUV guy scolded him shit and drove to the next vendor. Tears rolled down his eyes. I hv seen the hatred right in front of my eyes. I still remember the number plate of that suv. How much money you earn, such ppl will always be idiots.
Aren't terrorists Muslims.. isis was based on your Quran.. additional paedophile was initiated by your Mohammed by marrying a 6 year old girl Ayesha
Also, you are a female Muslim who supports Trump. I bet family get togethers are really awkward. Who is the idiot in this equation? Those are just facts. No need to be racist to see them.
Taliban fought for their country like u or i will do. Media played islamic terrorism card. Now tell me do u think indian army is at winning position in Galwan? Do u think will help ? Answer u know better than me dude. Media is a bitch n they always play
ISIS was originated, funded, armed &amp; supplied by Barack Obama &amp; Hillary Clinton &amp; promoted by John McCain, Lindsey Graham &amp; John Kerry, to create chaos in Egypt &amp; the Middle East. ISIS are terrorists~ but they also burn &amp; destroy the Quran &amp; mosques, proving they're not Muslims.
You’re going to tell us what we believe? And the hell do you mean “namaz for non-Muslims” namaz is for GOD. We don’t pray to people you idiot. You can make dua for non Muslims, and many Imams do that. Being this uneducated should be a crime
Bobby has made many tweets in support of the LBGTQ+ community AND in support of religious people.
Mr. Idiot Minister, the incident occurred place is not in Malappuram. Incident place in Palakkad. The killers belonging to your Hindu community. Why you messaged a communal story about it. You people are man eaters and also preaching religious hatred towards dalits and muslims
What have Indians given!!! 2% population 6% gdp Ur hospitals are useless without Indian doctors The company which creates biggest employment in uk U beggers were crying when Tata closed its steel factory U guys deserve islamic terrorism
@UmarFarooq_ ROFL.  No one with a brain will want a madrassa education.  Will they teach Mohammed's remedies? http://t.co/dxJ6oEj19B
Nothing about the radical left embraces Christianity. Trump is Pro Life, patriotic and supports Christian values. POTUS is surviving a 3 year coup and deserves more support. Fire the Christianity Today editor or boycott CT until it changes.
Timothy Dalrymple is a left-wing radical who uses whatever Christian platform he has attached himself over the years, like Sojourners, for example , to advocate for Hamas terrorists in the 2000's, unity with Islam, and support of communism. #CancelCT
This “kids” clearly an idiot, he’s totally undermining the point the protest is by trying to get famous. A few problems problems with your statement though. 1. By the sounds of it, you assume this kids Muslim? 2. Don’t adopt a tit for tat mentality because... 1/2
LIVE: Israeli forces find `terrorist training manual` in Gaza: http://zeenews.india.com/news/world/live-israeli-forces-find-terrorist-training-manual-in-gaza_951159.html#.U9iTRgiBkP4.twitter HAMAS &amp; ISLAMIC JIHAD ARE A CURSE AGAINST HUMANITY
@meghan_hurley Islam is a good place for criminals to find a home.
This exactly who the Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians) Are. They support a Five Time Draft Dodger, Far Right Radical trump and claim to love their country. Nope! These fools hate their country and need to Leave. You can’t teach stupid!Hate is who they are
Muslim slavery continued for centuries The legality of slavery in Islam, together with the example of the Prophet Muhammad, who himself bought, sold, captured, and owned slaves, may explain why slavery persisted until the 19th century in many places, Burn the Mosque you idiots
Bernie the racists and name callers are the Democrats. You condemn the Jews or support those that do. You condemn Christians and those that do. The Racists are you &amp; the Radical Social Communists. You support murdering the unborn until birth &amp; beyond. 2020 Landslide DJT!
Arre Jai chando khalistanio aur unlogo ke khasam khas radical islamic jijao damado mostly Bangladeshi rohingyao dekho re dekho agaye bhagwa nationalist real sache wale Hindu sikhs christians Jews etc agay apne rang Mei,support ki SAILAB dekho re,aur SEEKHO,PEACEFUL PROCESSION
The debate shows how maulvis are still living in dark ages. They are clearly not fit for 21st century. How Muslims even tolerate such fools. If an entire community is being led by such idiots then you can expect mushrooming of Jehadis, suicide bombers and killing of non Muslims.
They forget that African Muslims see themselves as one Ummah. Ummah comes before race and nationality, and there are millions of non Somali or even kushnic muslims. You cannot beat us and you’re idiot to even try to divide us based on your idea of “race” . Lmaoo IMPOTENT FUCKS
All I know is before the war in Afghanistan, The Muslims were very liberal and there wasn't fanatical idiots around, they were imprisoned, all of a sudden the West West needed them to fight the Russians, next thing you know everyone was teaching fanatical culture
@DianH4 @rogue_allah Futhermore, Islam is based on theft. Mohammed raised his armies by giving them 4/5 of everything they stole.
Unfortunately there is a fairly large radical Christian segment of US society. They are VERY politically active, and they don’t mind forcing their views on you. They also do not support separation of church and state. They tend to wave the flag - real hard.
Yes you're right, I'm looking for a good Christian woman to date
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And notice that the Persian culture was more advanced and advancing and discovering before Islam.
I’m a white Christian woman who used to live in NE and I agree. I don’t hate Trump, but I do hate his bad deeds:cruelty, disrespect, sexual misconduct, violation of oath, obstruction of Congress and more. I am grateful to all standing for what’s right.
Hit or not is a secondary issue. My my! How come this be a school. We all know it was a Jihad factory to nurture the human bombs to massacre humanity and kills hundreds thousands here or there. Shame terrorists.
Biden, at Muslim voters summit, says ‘I wish we taught more in our schools about the Islamic faith’ http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BB16Z0sC?ocid=st Iran and Syria agree with you -----you idiot !!!
Aha, the rape capital of the world blame it on the minority. You idiot. One third of the missing female in the world are from India. Blame that on Muslims as well.
Brother you will not understand. You seem to be an Madrsaa kid and I doubt on, have u ever been to Universities. Islamic terrorism is world known. Ur father Osama found at Pakistan. Hahhahaha Pak will be destroyed soon.
>to by nazi soldiers. Also yeah, a small portion of arabs fought with the nazis. But arab ≠ muslim you idiot. How is the title even related? Like, no moderate muslim would ever support anything like that since it goes against the purpose of the freaking religion....
You may be talking about Indian muslim, trust me they are as idiots as Pakistani, and yeah the rest of India don't even think about landing into any islamic country rest assured Saudi. We don't like barbaric laws, so even if we migrate we seek democratic country,unlike islamic
O’Brien to Mayor Khan. ‘Where do you think we would be now if there was any kind of opposition for the last 5 years?’ Khan, some waffle along the lines of ‘it’s not for me to say’. Where the Trump supporting idiots have gone after a muslim mayor, i’m pretty sure a large swathe of
Your a joke. I don’t like radical Muslims. Palestine does NOT support Christianity so I have no use for your lopsided attitude. Muslims persecute Christians not acceptable.
Remember when the IDIOT GOVERNOR of Borno got a letter from WAEC telling him to relocate two batch of students from Maiduguri (Muslims) and Chibok (Christians) because of Boko Haram? The IMP relocated the Muslims and you know what happened to the Chibok Girls! Who was blamed?
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @sibanda_tapson @CTFleaMarkets Children grow out of their fairy tales.  Muslims never grow out of theirs.
ISIS or Shia militia - both use Islam as their organizing principle. Regardless of who wins, the outcome will be an evil regime. #Tikrit
I'm sorry you were told that. I helped a Christian woman leave her abusive husband. It's not wrong or sinful. It's the right and best thing to do.
Gulf countries funding and supporting Radical Islamic terrorism with oil money,every one knows about http://it.so, no one didnt trust u r fake propaganda against India.Without oil u people are useless to the world,free oil given by nature but trust u need to earn it
Trump and all his followers who support actions like these at the border, and yet call themselves Christian, is exactly the same radical religious behavior that ISIS displays.
Brother, you should explain the meaning of these verses to the Islamic terrorist organization like Jaish-e-Mohammad Lashkar-e-Taiba and ISIS. The terrorists of these organizations perform Namaz five times a day, and also recite the Quran.
And idiots like you intentionally misspell Muhammad and the Quran and intentionally mispronounce Muslim and Islamic terms to demonize. I've seen this for decades! I'm not about to get into a bad faith religious argument, with the ignorant and illiterate!
RT @DavidJo52951945: Muslim found guilty of plotting to behead British soldiers-cases like this need the death penalty http://t.co/Yc4rO5UU…
No idiot, Adi shankara was an innovator, he debated, how many of these idiots actually debate?. have you seen many of these morons debate christians or muslims or anyone?. No. Then this he is an idiot free from any feedback.
That is so bigoted. I am Christian and support lgbt rights and my church is welcoming in every way. The left wouldn't accept smearing all Muslims are radical, why do they smear all Chrstians this way?
India is against radical islamic terrorism nt Islam. Nobby is gettin persecuted here. So stop your propoganda . There are few jihadi idiots which our govt will deal with, Its none of your concern. N if you are so worried bou Indian Muslims. U can invite them n give citizenship..
Most muslims i know hate saudi arabia and that's okay, but you can't hate us for carrying out Sharia Law and punishment as needed These idiots will always point at my country as if we're barbaric when actually most sane muslims will agree to the sharia law and punishment
They are the most religious islamist. If you will read quran, you will also become like them , a Terrorist ISIS comprehended quran. They are doing what they are being told. Kill the infidels (non Muslims)
Abbé chowdh-dry,u r grey matter has dried up. Talk about pak's Islamic terrorism &amp; its consequences.Its pakis who r void of humanity &amp; curse 2 other religions worldwide.Stop intervening in Kashmir stop terror outfits.Shame none of this make sense to u #HumanityOverPakTerror
And do you know, our prophet literally condemned to hell whoever harms a non Muslim even by speech or discrimination of any kind. Those radical idiots have been brainwashed by dangerous texts by radical men like Ibn Taymeya who twisted religion for their own agendas.
I'm going to vent here... I am not an over the top religious preachy person( But Be asure..I'm a Born again Christian Woman). I believe we all have the right to worship as we please. I believe we should be proud of... https://www.facebook.com/751349264/posts/10157626494029265/
Our fanbase is beyond embarrassing at times. You would’ve though a harmless post wishing Muslim fans a happy Eid Mubarek would mean a lot to some people. Yet some arrogant idiots criticise the media team for it because it doesn’t relate to them. #BristolCity
Muslims only kneel to one person &amp; I admire them for doing so ,they laugh at the idiots that kneel , my passenger a Muslim tells me the (in his words ) the blacks are not Gods even if you whites think that way as a Muslim I kneel only to Mohammed ( I’m going to be a Muslim)
You really are a hypocrite and labour with the idiots such as yourself will go nowhere with racist comments. Why not have some credibility and speak up against the Muslim racist grooming gangs that target as they put it ‘white meat ‘.Please stop the hate towards the Jewish race!
Exactly it's a tragic act of terrorism. And terrorist has no religion. U asked were they jihadist so i want to explain that jihad is not terrorism nor its against innocent people or harming any peaceful humanity. Jihad is Muslim's sacred faith which is misunderstood .
They literally cannot do ANYTHING. Wth can you do to fight when not just the public but their entire government is islamaphobic with the intent to wipe out Muslims from their country?? Fight with a sword whilst they have bombs/guns and weapons that’ll kill you from afar? Idiots
@discerningmumin That's idiotic. Not holding a sick terrorist god sacred is far from not holding anything sacred.
@ingyusarms There is actual spirituality in Buddhism and Tao.  There is zero spirituality in Islam.
trust me bro many people did blame muslims for 9/11 acting like the muslims back then weren't pressured or even kicked the shit into after the event. there are many documentaries about it u can watch it if you want how was i racist to jews u idiot
Why do ISIS, the Saudis and the Taliban imprison women in their homes? Because the Quran tells them to.  #Islam #Iraq http://t.co/dm64qJbkMj
If it’s a Muslim asylum seeker then it most definitely IS a terrorist incident @policescotland don’t treat the British public as idiots - did you miss the attack because you were kneeling before him?
“Some” people also thought (and still do think) that Barack Obama is a Kenyan Muslim. Know any of those idiots, do you?
Ok take a sec and think if you a have mind Bloody Idiot, how could a terror group mayb if he had sent from Pakistan to kill muslim ppl inside IOJK? Muslim to kill muslim?
White, middle class Christian woman on my facebook feed: "I've been discriminated against because of my race, religion, and beliefs!" I just can't right now.
Have some proper ground work b4 trying to defend parasites of humanity.Their social media accounts were flooded with Jihadi &amp; Islamic state posts.Ofcourse now they’ve deleted those,still have the ss where they openly supported the terrorists &amp; called for jihad against India
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere Those law abiding Muslims that have a 90% domestic violence rate in Pakistan and murder people for blasphemy.
@realDonaldTrump Namaste Mr Trump absolutely u r amazing VIP and great or scholar and frank speaker y not I listening your speech and u speak Islamic terrorism and virus's Chinese virus. Proud of u sir.
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins The Atlantic got it exactly right, and every point in thinkprogress is easily refuted.
RT @Rights4Israel #Gaza your Militant #Islamic #Jihad aka crimes against humanity #terrorist actions won't be ignored forever! @UN #Israel
@LifeInKhilafah LOL. The ME was very creative before Islam.  Most "Muslim" discoveries came from conquered Persians.
See how I sound like a fucking idiot? That’s how you sound @Nigensei. Wallahi Muslims need to stop relying on these guys for help for any causes. They are selfish.
Sir as usual govt. will take u-turn after ban. I hope u have seen the video of faisu and his time promoting islamic terrorism there account was banned for some time but now their accounts are functioning properly.
If anyone is forcing you to something and justify his actions with the religion he’s an idiot. Y’all are free with what you want to do unless you’re truly muslim you can choose whether you want to follow or not that’s it. Stop judging religions by those who r forcing you.
Idiot. I may be paying more than you. Zakat is compulsary for us. Muslims are paying taxes and these kimtus in their shakhas are eating it
Chutiye, muslim life does not matter. Look what is happening in Baluchistan, Syria, Yemen, Kurds, terrorism, fidayeeñ. Besides when it comes to glory of Allah &amp;Muhammad no life matters. Do you see something like this happening w/blacks elsewhere, bsdk useful idiot!?
Ok you’ve all Gone crazyUa bunch of ballistic looney tunes!MLKstatues took downLincoln Memorial ruinedTuskegee airmen statuesWW &amp;Viet Nam war&amp;JesusThis isn’t racial Its insanity! RUgoing2bend knee &amp;bow to me?That’s Muslims!UR slaves again&amp;it happened. Overnight!Idiots!Wake up!?!
Human Rights Campaign: A Christian woman kidnapped by Muslims - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/rdhjqBNG via @ChangeAUS
#Jihad_Jihadi_Mukt_Bharat #Sankalp_Se_Siddhi Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians r BLEEDING Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity since CENTURIES&gt;whenever weak&gt;they start playing Al-Taqiya of Bhai-Chara Ganga-Jamuni-Tehzeeb Emotional-Victimhood-Jihad
You don't know a single thing about France! On the other side everyone knows the problems people like you has with Muslims. Or what? "Se faire traiter d'idiot par un imbécile est une volupté de fin gourmet"
This is how even the #ISIS #Jihad #TerrorCamps alter humanity and create so called #terrorist Willing to be a #SuicideBomber
Any racists idiots who believe this. Please ask a Muslim and go to a mosque. Mosques have probably one Of the most STRICTEST guidelines for the virus in the country You can not enter if you don’t fulfil their criteria
You are a Cretin!List you mind!Who is you informants they are idiots too! There is no Muslim Ban!Heaven help this damaged man.He is surround by liars! @OANN @RealCandaceO @FoxNews @ABC @SpeakerPelosi @MalcolmNance @senatemajldr @GOPLeader @jasoninthehouse @seanhannity
@ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam No it is the Muslims that have done the ethnic cleansing for 1400 years. Israel is putting a stop to it
Friends, as an Iranian who was born in a Muslim country and grew up with Muslims, I recommend you Do not let our Muslims pollute your country. Look carefully at Iran and see what Muslims have done to a nation in forty years. Deport these idiots to their own country. Islam is
@ibnHlophe @sibanda_tapson @CTFleaMarkets Okay, we understand that you and your religion are terrorists.  Don't @ me any more.
Hey guys so I just published my FIRST post on the blog as an out of the closet gay Christian woman! This is a story I have struggled with for 5 YEARS. All the love and support is appreciated right now. Thank you. If you wanna read my post: http://Lifeofagot.com
Like I said,I am not here to compare different faiths,that what you are doing and you want me to do the same shit? You are the idiot who is clearly making the point that you think that you are better than the soldiers who are practicing muslims.If not, then admit it here.
@lsarsour @abu__ramadi 3 executions? That's about one tenths of a days worth for Islamically correct ISIS.
You mean the way the Muslims took the land and forced the Israelites out in the 12C that’s okay? Who cares - let them fight - idiots
Salman is muslim that is why he not only stole my Ideas but also sold to many islamic countries - he have good friendship with terror based people &amp; found guilty as a murderer If you try to Fight High wit those types of Goons thn this idiots can't handle anger &amp; used Terror..1
We believe gratitude is as practice! So, from all of us at Q Christian, thank you for giving your heart, presence, and advocacy to the mission of Q Christian Fellowship. We're grateful for your support as we cultivate radical hospitality for LGBTQ+ Christian and allies.
@DianH4 But it really doesn't matter who the Mujahedeen animals are fighting. They have been murdering someone for 1400 years.
N far more deadly is islamic terrorism Dan bhakteria. N people lyk u promots islamic terrorism
We Support U Stop Redical Islamic terrorism
Preach sister, speak the truth about it Cher!! I'm a straight christian woman who 1000% supports the LGBT community. We need to stand up &amp; demand the civil rights, equality, &amp; respect due to this community. Trump is not for the LGBT &amp; I call him out on the fakeness!!!
Mam check out the UN list of terrorist u will find some name from your community. Whole world is suffering from radical islamic terrorism. But u will not teach humanity to your people. Only blame others. First fix yourself than teach to other.
It is allowed to marry 4 with conditions.. And your ancestors married more than 4 u idiot.. Many of them... But does a muslim marrying 4 wives majes you to oppress fellow hindus and oppose their reservation.. Like Nehru not allowing modi to work
Muslims ? Are you serious, Name five noble prize winner from your ummah, Not peace awards tablighi idiot.
Ho he nahi skata ki tum log sanvidhan bachane nikle ho to tum log khud RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM failane waale log ho jo ki apna kaam acche se kr rahe ho U all peoples are really a big loop hole of a country That's why other countries denied and make naked to indianmuslims
Then listen every American leader speach on terrorism nd u found that most used *islamic terrorism* it means evey American leader are modi bhakt
Don't worry Mayor Biggs as soon as another Lutfuhr Raman comes along & the Muslims are in a majority, you, the useful idiot, will be removed &amp; replaced. Next year, you'll be written out of history too, &amp; all an any DIRT will be concocted or raked up. #TRAITOR
Great secularist..I salute you Madame..I was reading the comments of your followers..these hindu and Muslim religious fundamentalists destroy the whole world peace..treat them with what they deserve. Pray to supreme power to give sense of humanity to these idiots.
Why don't u speak on islamic terrorism
Both conservative Christians and conservative Muslims can get yeeted for trying to criminalize LGBTQ people. Stop trying to split hairs. Radical Muslims kill people for being gay. You're an idiot if you deny that fact.
Hahahaha. Idiots. Yes you are right. It was there when this earth was created as it is stated in all holy books of Jews, Christians and Muslims. All is written in loh e Mehfooz and whatever happens is per it is written there. So was 900 years Muslim Rule. Hahahaha
@deespeak I dare u to stand wid a placard against jihad terrorism in Kashmir, or may be islamic terrorism in Kashmir..u hypocrite.
No it's not lmao, this is just what you're trying to backtrack with after people have pointed out that you're an idiot. Someone said you cant just be a part of another culture and you retorted by asking if that means you cant become a muslim today, as if that's the same thing.
& creating a discourse where Evangelical Christians who embrace radical right politics re: Israel are insulated from being called out for blatant antisemitic rhetoric due to their support for Israel &amp; are permitted to declare Jewish Democrats 'not really Jewish' &amp; antisemitic.
What Else Can I Say Isalm I'm Tired Of This Prophecy Mess You Created For Me Don't Talk To Me Don't Tweet For Me Then Want Me To Tweet For You Why Now After 6 Years Do You Want A Christian Woman To Tweet For You Have Muslim Queens Right You Tweet For They Can
@edgeofthesandbx @batchelorshow @FearDept Look, the heroes of the Torah exterminated every man, woman, child and animal in some cities.
But he waged Jihad for his own alla. Why are you complaining? It was his holy duty just like the islamist terrorists who have been blowing humanity up for hundreds of years now! Spare me the bigotry. About 3000 people were killed when one of your ilk flew planes into a building.
Brahiminism has nothing against meat eating. There are Jains, Buddhists, even Muslims who abhor eating of animals. Just because you can't fight with them don't bring Brahmins as their brand ambassadors. Idiot
@Ammaawah @jm111t That's only because they don't follow Islam.  Islam tells women to stay at home. http://t.co/UQLoWj1GjS
Terrorist Criminal Minds are Violent Minds Both, Criminal &amp; Violent Minds are defective &amp; Sick Minds inspired by #Quran &amp; #Islam World must unite soon to eliminate terrorists &amp; terrorism to ensure Peace &amp; Welfare over World #Muslims #ISIS #ShamimaBegum #UnitedKingdom
Will any of the media talking heads ever broach the subject that #Islam is incompatible with free speech and democracy? Are they PC cowards?
If you’re a Muslim and you vote or worse vote DEMOCRAT you’re a fucking idiot
Muslims Of Subcontinent Fought The British. Rss Supported Their Rule. Muslims Of India Fought USSR In Afghanistan. Hindu India Supported It. Muslims Of India Fought the U.S Invasion of region And You Idiot My Friend Repeated The Treachery.
On this day, Allah/YHWH has joined the ISIS and the Antifa together as a terrorist superfront to terrorize the koferim. - The New Holy Quran Surah Terrorism 66.6
I haven't seen the video. Completely oblivious to all this. But all I want to tell you is all muslims not bad. Just some idiots that take the Quran literally and mend its teachings to incite violence.
You idiots hinduvta have problem with volume of Azan but when it comes to brutalities which Muslims are facing in the hands of exteremist Hindus, no one talks about that. Hypocrisy at it's peak.
@islamujahideen Islam is the perpetuity of oppression. And I thank ISIS for helping the world to kill Islam.
Halwai tweet for Chinese muslims if you really care about muslims. Hypocrite idiots.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews ...Then suddenly their Muslim neighbors are persecuting them and stealing their property.
@IftikharAwan One must imagine god being insulted by having such a hateful, war mongering, decisive, bigoted, sexist religion calling him.
Racist? Seriously? I think you should look up the word 'RACIST' in the dictionary because you obviously don't have a clue as to what it even means. And while you're at it, Look up BLM and Muslim brotherhood, and find out what it's all really about. Idiot.
@liamxkiwi @greenlinerzjm @halalflaws @biebervalue Bullshit. They are prisoners in their homes and in their country.
I am sure God told her this needed to be done. Right? Such a good fine Christian woman and all... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We are #Sad that @AmbassadorRice &amp; @SamanthaJPower who are @HillaryClinton &amp; @BarackObama pets refusing to admit the following they committed lynching of Muslims in Iraq, Libya Afghanistan Yemen &amp; Somalia withe the support of radical Christian Terrorist Mainstream Media. over .
@nader_haq @MadDr11 Because they use their women as baby machines and they practice population imperialism, as commanded by Mohammed.
How dare u say bro,,there is only Islamic terrorism as Mr president @realDonaldTrump saI'd, and many other leaders. U have exposed bro. RSS is a cultural organisation ,,that's it. Muslims has history of destroyers,
Oyeeee HV u guts to say Against Islamic Terrorism that's whole world face 99.99% are belong to one community .Hv u guts to say Against Obbassi u r just shut up Ur mouth go to hell. when 1 single word of Modi we all 130 Crore Indian stand then what will do when he allow us to ,,,u
Don't drag in a hindu muslim agenda just because it is a good topic to get everyone involved. It's virtually the end of the world Just be grateful you're alive and let people live lack of education and understanding is what makes you an idiot, not your religion (:
Yeah dude people rape and kill everyone you love how about we just sit back and watch , ofcourse they're going to retaliate you idiot, and to add on 75% of those "attacks" are fabricated but please go on and invalidate the Kashmir Muslims problems :)
@NNdabbour64 The idea of going to a country where the female half are treated like slaves and leppers makes my skin crawl.
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime ....are not destructive and inhuman by design, like Islam.
Where else could an idiot like AOC make it to Congress? Can you imagine AOC in a Muslim country?
@wilytone @SenTomCotton He couldn't be close to the idiot you are.  Terrorism has been rampant in ME 1400 years.
"Christian Woman" by @typeonegative feels about right.
@SpeakerPelosi SHAME *EXPLAIN TO AMERICAN CITIZENS how you &amp;DemocRAT Party can support members who continually express ON FLOOR OF PEOPLES CONGRESSIONAL HSE &amp; COMMITTEE meetings SUPPORT FOR*RADICAL MUSLEM SHARIA LAW IDEOLOGY=HATRED OF: #JEWS #LGBTQ #CHRISTIANS #TrumpSupporters?
since They still feeding jihad terrorists ...tey like to put up media shows to pretend they are loyal to humanity
I feel so bad for all the non-homophobic muslim and christian people that now have to be victim to generalisations bec of homophobic idiots who use their religion to justify hate speech. Ur giving your religion a bad name can you not see that??
As a Christian I support BJP Islamic radicals are the real threat here !! India stayed as a secular country only because of Hindu majority .If Islam was majority there won't be any secularism . Radical Islamists must be dealt with iron fist
Education has no link with terrorism. Bin Laden was an engineer, Al-zawahari is also educated.. Its the mindset u have. Since morning u haven't answered one question i have asked. Rather blames that we fund islamic terrorism. U have crap up there. So shove up the convent degree
Pop quiz for the brainwashed kaum, Name 5 hindu celebrities from Pakistan, and name 5 muslim celebrities from India. You are raised believing lies, its hard for you to accept. How many Hindu boys you went school with? What is % of Hindu in Pak. Don't be a idiot forever.
Why just jewish men? What about muslim men, what about the males in the british royal family? Or is it just jewish men you feel you need to concentrate on? #idiot
RT @AntonioFrench: I spent the morning at the Board of Elections getting maps/data to start registering every black person in #Ferguson. ht…
Idiot BJP is Begging from every Religion votes.Your party's God father Ambani is taking money from even BEGGER'S because they too they are using JIO phones. Now started barking he is Muslim,Christian &amp; so and so.Are you modern day educated day&amp; night barking animal for religion?
As we Indian always taking care by Heart everything. But neev been compare same thing in your country people's those always following Mulla's Policy line Jihad or Creating terrorist...i.e Laden found in Pak
As a Christian woman I have to disagree with all the people that go to festivals and cause bullshit for no reason like no one is going to hell no one!! He loves all of us I'll go right up to them and kiss my girl in front of they faces and tell them god still loves me
I bet you woke folks believe it’s just a coincidence that Obama welcomed 1.2 million Muslims into our country &amp; now we look like the Middle East!! It’s staring you right in the face &amp; you still can’t see it. He laid the foundations for all of this. Idiots!!
Did not start with the British. Started by the Muslims and continued by the British Idiot Nehru a closet Muslim kept it! Read about the MeeNakshi temple in Madurai and you will get a good historical picture
After watching the Shia militia beat a Peshmerga to death, I've concluded that they are animals, just like ISIS. #Islam #Iraq #Kobane
Thank you every Mararthon I jump like an idiot in hope to get captured. My colleague was watching it on his iPad and screenshot it and posted on my Facebook page. Loads of people were watching and saw me
No, I do not. I am a Christian that loves my country and abhors liars, racists, bigots and the like. Nor do I support any radical religious zealotry. I do like meaningful convo, which it appears you are unable or unwilling to provide. Good day sir/ma'am.
@asem_1994 Mohammed raped slave girls, the Quran approves of the rape of slave girls - so ISIS rapes, slave girls.
@AAlwuhaib1977 And Muslims are murdering raping and forcefully converting Christians in Egypt and have been for centuries.
There is no such thing as Palestinian land you idiots. Just historical Jewish land occupied by Muslims.
Omg. You’re something else! So you’re saying because young black males lead the industry in crime that all black males are bad people? Because some Muslim idiots created 911, that all Muslims are bad? Get off your high horse. Not sure where ur from but all cops aren’t bad! FACT!
I agree with you Queen Betty, Us non North/Muslims don't have such issue , our Pastors are not into Marrying 16/17 yrs old girls, They just seduce them , take their virtues in the name of JESUS!! What an idiot!!
There should be only one team. Team India. you bloody Idiot. Don't try to make hate sarcasm when it comes to unity of different communities. you can joke on whatever the hell you want.joke on hindus joke on muslims, joke on my parents, joke on bjp, joke on congress. but as a joke
Idiot if namo had passed the bill Do you know what type of riot would have taken place in this country? Have you forgotten babri masjid demolition? Going through court made ball clearly on govt side And Muslims could do nothing. CAA was also passed in parliament. Do
Mistook You For Muslim As You Had Beard: MP Cops on Beating Lawyer. Hey Idiots of @MPDial100 you guys forgot that @narendramodi also has bread so will you take him also as Muslim and will beat him if he comes to your office?. @ChouhanShivraj @BJP4MP
Saba provided real meaning of Jihad but critics and opponents of Islam in their ignorance accept the version of So-called islamic Terrorists Target attack blame Islam is the result of extreme anti Muslim fobia Islam says killing of any person is like killing of humanity
Appease the radical Leftists at the expense of biblical truth, eh? Today marks the end of my support or patronage of your restaurants, and I know many other Christians will do the same. Was it worth it, knowing the very people you're bending the knee to will only push for more?
@AnsarulShariah @abu__ramadi You animals want to return to the imposition of slavery. You are, by definition, uncivilized scum.
No, you idiot. A majority of the Hindu, Muslim, Christian, Sikh and atheist folks want to have an education, a well paid job and a peaceful life. You seem to be abnormal dude. What is wrong with you
Vancouver is full of Chinese agents and @UBC is a bitch of CCP. Chinese communist party is a terrorist entity &amp; communism is same as nazism &amp; Islamic terrorism. @JustinTrudeau bro, put a leash on UBC or be another Chinese ass-licker like North Korea &amp; Pakistan.
Mughal leftover idiots. Just as Mughals died, you all will lose your existence from India. India is a Hindu state and will always be ruled by Hindu rulers. If you don't like, there are 51 Muslim countries for you, and you can choose any of them for ur life, GET OUT.
Thank God you became ex Muslim so now we have one less idiot in the ummah haha
And now ...u are telling Muslims are innocent....quran also tell jihad...which is doing by these muslim radical islam...Isis alkayda Taliban hizbul....all are Muslim... according to UN data 90% Muslim are terrorist...and u are telling me must are just innocent...
God is not amused by Democrats who mock and reject traditional Christian religious values and embrace radical secularism including hardline support of infanticide, pervert agendas, and rejection of in schools.
As opposed to what you doing. It’s amazing how Muslims can attack and when faced with opposition, suddenly turn tail and feign innocence. You labeled us to appease your own delusions because you’re incapable of coming to terms with the fact that the idiot you defending is
Shame on menaka! You were minister in idiot government ! You were not aware where this incident happens ! BJP does not know other than Muslims, Pakistan, Minority!
I said the answer 100 time, its not who, and what, being a idiot, its seems for political reason and hatred against muslims you won't accept the fact
Why is this taking so long? You forgot to add her paying a "married man" to be with her. AND what about her communicating with a young ISIS leader, funneling campaign funds? tlaib is definately a terrorist along with omar. Two heads! How the hell did they get in? AND on quran
@Nebula1979 @CherguiaMbark Taqiyya is used by all Muslims. Mohammed was a liar who often lied for Islam.
You say idiot even i did say nothing to u..this is not fair , and Suits a Muslim
so you understood by reading this that vhp goons are quoting geeta?? what I said is that you're saying vhp goons are not connected to hindu because they don't quote geeta similar those isis terrorist that claim that they got it from quran are referring to what they interpret...
- Selectively applying their 'beliefs' to white historical figures while ignoring other historical figures (like the slave owning founder of Islam). Why? Because they see Muslims as political 'allies'. You're literally an idiot. How you're a Dr I don't know.
I don’t know if this is real but “The radical christians are not our friends, and we don’t support their ways. The great state of Alabama wants you to know that if you have pledged your loyalties to some extremist group that wants to kill Americans,...
Newsflash....that Evilanglist....is not a Christian. He is a deplorable, radical, ridiculous, religious fraud. Not a Christian bone in his body. Impeachment of thw evil, Orange Antichrist is right &amp; just. Christ would agree with it...and support it.
Oh, so because you're a Christian woman you can lie all you want and it's ok. Right?
Photo op to appeal to the radical Christians who support him. I guess he's losing their support
Christians in the Middle East are being genocided by radical Islamic groups, it’s not a secret. Stop inventing shit. MENA Christians didn’t ask for Trump. Also most MENA Christians do not support Israel. You’re insane.
what can you expect from people who support ISIS Taliban and any terrorists Islamic Jihadi groups. After-all the Quran and Surah has declared any non Ismamic an infidel. Even moderates will disagree or defend.
So the gay women want complete acceptance. But they're not willing to extend that to the Christian woman. Is that right? @Ashlyn_Harris
RW Extremists (RWE) vs Antifa 1. RWE shot 2 & killed 1 police officer (Oakland&Santa Cruz) 2. RWE plotted to attack a U.S. Military unit 3. RWE has been a bigger threat than Islamic terrorism since 2001! 1. Antifa - claims of property damage &amp; fighting RWE's YOU COMPARE! #KAG
So what? Muslims practice slavery TODAY. China practices slavery TODAY. Why don't you attack statues of Mao or mosques? More appropriate. It was the U.S. and UK that first outlawed it. Idiot. You people are going to trigger a backlash you'll wish you hadn't triggered very soon.
The muslims who are good by nature by heart have to face so much because of you and these all idiots.. Due to all this nobody will compare good from bad.. 'Gehun ke sath ghun bhi pista h'
The reality is quite simple, even an idiot can see that most problems have been caused by in particular Muslim immigrants. Murder, Rape, Drug Dealing, Grooming Gangs. And you state that you welcome them as "refugees" rather than Illegals. Mostly men!!!
you r a proud Bengali while ur name is in Arabic(which most of subcontinent Muslims have). what short of idiots claim to have proud of its culture while borrowing the name from the people who invaded and destroyed it.
Voter ID has been upheld by the courts, murdering babies is evil, it's not a Muslim ban, those are some bullshit coâ¦ https://t.co/zkqo8w9Nib
And like many of these radical Christians forgets Jesus never had a problem with immigrants and all the other things they seem to support.
You r not, u r a dhurt shiromani who has never spoken on islamic terrorism, see, how barelvi hanafi preaches hate against hindus. Dhurt number one ho, Gandhi aur Nehru ki jamaat ke ho. Hinduon ko gali dene se kitna milta hai.
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets 120 million Africans murdered by Islam http://t.co/UYbGO0VcG7
Wtf does religion have to do with this. Isn't this an ethnic oromo and ethopian goverment problem. Don't forget oromos are Christian and Muslim you idiots. Stop the Islamic terrorist propganda and ant Muslim rhetoric it isn't 2001 anymore.
I take it you will support the religious freedom of The Satanic Temple or is this just pandering to radical Christians?
would you like to make any comment on the fact that virtually the same amount also say the same about Muslims ? now I'm no master of mathematics but it indicates that many have said it about both religious groups... &amp; Bill Gates &amp; China. theyve asked conspiracy theorist you idiot
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins All this means is that Muslims endlessly try to hide the barbarity of their religion.
@edgeofthesandbx @batchelorshow @FearDept I'm talking total extermination, bragged about right there in the book.
This in not lynching of Muslims. He can boast to please his fascist idiots but you all know they are no more than a fart
china should never be condemned on Uyghur issue ...they are setting benchmarks that how u should deal with Islamic terrorism.
RT @PeterTownsend7: #ISIS #Muslim You're a woman and you're committed to #Islam? You cannot be serious! http://t.co/d73Nxufiy0 http://t.co/…
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Mohammed was a slave trader who owned 28 slaves.
u hv need to keep silent jihadin aunty ...u r not a journalist u such grt islamic terrorism pramoter and hiddn protecter..its univrsal truth ...
Thanks for all the analysis, but my question to you is what exactly is in Quran that 99% of terrorists use it in the world, from ISIS to Boko Haram and co, you will never see that in other religion, why is the religion like that and the people, violent?
I’m ABSOLUTELY serious AYLSSA, I would LOVE to debate you.... Show people who you really are by debating a conservative Christian woman, who makes mistakes. YES, that’s right, we make mistakes AYLSSA. The only thing that makes us good is our faith and salvation in Christ.
Jihad means killing non-Muslims. All these are written Quran. Jihad against kafirs Islamic terrorist organization ISIS Taliban ETC All these Islamic terrorist organizations are spreading the world terror by citing Quran and Jihad
Trump couldn’t even pick out his favourite quote from the bible when asked. Stop covering up. All you are doing is gaining radical Cristian racists to support your fascist leader. Dictatorship at its most gross.
@pNibbler @AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal Mohammed raped women. Jesus did not. Mohammed had people murdered. Jesus did not.
RACISM TOWARDS BLACK PPL All you idiot BLACK PPL wrecking staues &amp; rioting in Western countries should look to Africa the home of many of ur ancesters who are being SLAUGHTERED THIS VERY DAY BY MUSLIM MILITIA GROUPS SADIQ KHAN IS A MUSLIM LOOK AT ALL MOSQUES
But I'm not Muslim you idiot!!!! How dare you try to indoctrinate our children!! Try not to embarrass yourself to much today Joe. You haven't a clue. Oh! Where's Hunter hiding these days?
@TheQuint shame on you spreading fake news You don't know the reality A big Thoo on your information: There was a huge loss for Hindus in Delhi riots: Have you seen the petrol pump in Bajanpora, which was vandalized by muslim mob , but you idiots can't write anything about it:
Hmmm you and the radical left continue to attack ppl for being white and wonder why white ppl don't want to support your puppet?? SMH
Sir I understand where ur coming from but saying Islam is a problem is hurtful to many of Muslim descent. Perhaps u could word it as ‘radical Islamic terrorism’
Hey @VP you know mother doesn’t like people to lie, right @SecondLady ? He lies, what do you think of that you good “Christian” woman?
these hindutva idiots know nothing about god... they are Allahphobic ... they keep telling sikhs that ram is mentioned in gurubani and you are part of hindu . i then tell them allah can also be found , we are muslim too
The radical Islamic extremists are busy burning churches , wiping out Christians and Christianity, abducting Christians in the North with the backings of their Northern elders and their politicians. The Northern elders and their politicians are fully in support of this act
Y’all talk about hyuna like ?? you guys knows hyuna is a christian woman right? she literally makes lives saying she went to church on sunday + she hates drink
#Owaisi calls,Islamophobia!..ISIS macabre dance;terrorist killing across d world;jihadi bloodshed in India! Noble Quran preaches peace,amity! MUSLIMS,peace loving ppl,bt senseless bloodshed by Jihadis! Still Owaisi says,Islamophobia!..Has he left his brains behind in U.K.?!
Idiot Sanghi..... You ppl spare no chance to communalize issues and give Hindu Muslim color to it. Look closely at the FIR. Except for 1-2 men, all others are Hindus...!! Gutter mentality people #VikramJoshi
The only thing these isis fighters are fleeing is loosing a terrorist war that they started and fought for. They need to be on trial for war crimes or crimes against humanity. This is just showing @JustinTrudeau is not listening or knows basic history or is trying to change it.
Hey what is wrong with you ? Just becoz some idiots are making it communal dont think everybody is doing that. Elephant killings in Temples of #kerala was also highlighted by @Manekagandhibjp ji, so where is muslim angle here ?
RT @sudixitca: Pakistan is a nation of haters, killers and savages. See this @Razarumi tweet. Barbarism is in the masses' minds. http://t.c…
I think at some points ita right ur muslim peoples do namaaz in hospital where they are doing pee and spitting Which will leads to people can be affected so I say it's good one u do make ur people infected Overall u r spitting on doctors face The Radical Islamic Terrorism
Biggest lie ever told-3 out of 4 Canadians, love, love, love, & support Israel &amp; her people, which by the way, includes Muslims,Arabs,Egyptians,Buddhists,Christians &amp; Jews. All living, thriving &amp; working together without fear, except from radical Islamists-keep me out of your lie
i am black and i love white people because they are free society and they are christian . relay Ethnicity and culture are the same .WTF ......super idiot . did you think black Muslim and black christian have the same culture . above all you call me idiot with your low mind. shit
RT @AviMayer: How unsurprising: Hatemongers @AliAbunimah and @MaxBlumenthal promote Holocaust denier - http://t.co/4nRJngy7H6 (h/t: @Warped…
So you are now not in support of radical muslims beheading Christians?!
Total bollcks. There was a Muslim cemetery there. The Turks build over it. This old building has now deteriorate and the municipality decided to remove it and build a new one. As usual, Arab propagandists spute lies to incite troubles. Useful idiots like you serve them nicely.
Well we are 2Billion Muslims spread all across the globe if we were not peaceful shouldve been dead right now it's really funny to see you killing muslims in Iraq Syria Pakistan Afghanistan ..etc and you come here saying such a thing who the hell ruined those countries idiot ??
Totally blown away by where my life is right now, friends. Started leading a small group tonight, as a queer Christian woman with the blessing of my pastor. Not sure how I got here but I'm totally on board.
@khanumarfa If you can malign 7 Cr. Brahmins on the basis of 21K random people whom u choose as per ur convenience. Then don't stop us when we will shout Islamic terrorism on the basis of thousands of jihadi terrorists. #Islam @neelang_dave @RSSorg @vastalitech
Very true. Christians esp. of TN &amp; Kerala must acknowledge this and support the BJP for their safety, security &amp; welfare. Their Congress is hand in glove with radical Muslims &amp; their Parties like IUML, AIUDF etc. Voting for the Congress is like making Muslims powerful.
@ibnHlophe @sibanda_tapson @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets There's a huge lie.  They colonialized everything they have at sword point.
@Beltrew @iyad_elbaghdadi Good. Anything is better than having Islamofascists in power.
Can you remember when the word paedophile was mentioned crowds would gather outside the paedophiles homes &amp; put bricks thro all windows even when idiots yrs ago thought a paediatrician meant paedophile (prob the leftists)when they're muslims we Knight &amp; honour them
If you had married that good Christian woman a season or two ago, you wouldn't be sitting on the stoop homeless right now. You would have had some legal recourse. Now you sitting there, broke, homeless and with out a meal ticket at the beginning of cuffing season. Sad.
Last time i spoke to that IDIOT SHEM BOOTH SPAIN he kept askin me if I was a muslim. Nobody has every done that before. I was eating a bacon snadwich at the time. I wish I was in the same room as him when he kept askin me.... ill catch up with him dont you worry. &amp; you bitchess.
You need to read Quran with open eyes...only then you will find out where are they getting these views from. For your information the Isis monsters are following Quran in the pure form #Terrorists
RT @bobwilsonn: The Assumption that #islam is just another religion already fooled a lot of ppl.Islam is about war &amp;world domination. http:…
Exactly! That's why must support America 1st! That's why we must support the constitution and the declaration of independence. That's why we must support Judeo-Christian values upon which this country was founded. That's why we must protect our borders from radical terrorists.
Ask about this to every Muslim you meet tomorrow! We themselves don't believe in these fanatics! While you people are like 2A idiots who hear a statement and ready to protest :P
My experience: Christian leaders who really live by the message of radical grace = same ones who support Christians like us. They're usually the ones who talk about their own sin in the pulpit a lot (big sins) &amp; frequently ask people to forgive them. Only radical grace does that.
Only ididots think Asians are a virus. An illegal alien is an illegal alien, that's just a fact. Only idiots think your skin color makes you a threat. Some Muslims are terrorists but the majority are not and are infact very nice people. Only idiots call Native Americans savages.
It also teaches how to fuck a 9 year old like Ayesha, the way Mohammad did. It teaches how kaffirs will go to hell. Due to teachings of Quran only u see ISIS and other terrorist organisation in making.
My mom was a STAUNCH DEMOCRATIC/CHRISTIAN WOMAN, never spared the rod ! RAISED her 6 children right! Political party has nothing to do with how parents raise their children! MORAL VALUES have everything to do with rearing a family! MORAL VALUES is not Republican or Democratic!
Yeah Zahra. As a brown person you must comment every time a an idiot who happened to be Muslim does something. While we are at it, Ewan any comment on the KKK and their actions?
JIHADISTS RAPE, STONE CHRISTIAN WOMAN TO DEATH IN SYRIA Christian and human rights groups reported over the last week that the 60-year-old Suzan Der Kirkour was found dead outside of her village, al-Yaqoubiyeh.
You know @Pawankhera How @INCIndia ruled Gujrat in 70s 80s Your 3 Idiot Cm Chintan patel Amar Chaudhry Madhav s Solanki Formed K.H.A.M Kshatriya Harijan Adivasi Muslim Playing Caste politics you finished Guj I Challange you Congress is dead in Guj @amitmalviya
That's what I was saying idiot. You were there calling Muslims problematic. Learn to respect other races first
Just wondering why an "educated" person would support someone who blatantly hates higher education... It's my belief that Scat's supporters are all just white nationalists posing as "christians." A bunch of liars, frauds, and phonies...
Yeah yeah rascal. Pushyamitra Shunga who massacred millions of Buddhists was a Hindu. But may be according to you he was a Muslim. Idiot.
#IndiaWithSudhirChaudhary We r Stand with u,thanks to u for showing brutal face of such Radical Islamic terrorism.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And of course the reason the majority now live in Christian lands is Muslim abuse.
@Abu_Baraa1 @danger_tiny I hope so, because in English it comes off as moronic hate mongering.
silent ex pm who is slave of Congress communist suggesting modi who is already strong that's why people elected not like you who given land of ladakh rahul Sonia met with chinse president did agreement and idiot Congress standing with Pakistan muslims terrorists and china
Oh ,looks like u feel bad when i said radical Islamic terrorism, preety obvious though. Be it ISIS , taliban ,al -qaeda ,who are they? The BJP sponsored terrorist? I mean
Pick any source you want, you're missing the point. ANY #christian woman who gets an abortion is a hypocrite in your eyes, right? Just bc the predominant religion is #christianity, that doesn't make the US a 'christian nation.'
Some Foolish hindus and Buddhists Christians support radical muslims in the name of secularism. We support CAA NRC UCC Does ur jesus support this stoning women's?
Buhari Sponsor Jihadist Terrorists forget that Christian Community worldwide not leave alone brothers sisters. Persecuted not abandoned Make reason Buhari clan Jihad is your end soon in jail 4 crimes against Humanity
@RiosJose559 What you said was incoherent.  But here is the proof that Islam declared war on all humanity. http://t.co/L4QpzH226Y
In islam you are a kaffir lower to muslim. Idiot bossdk pahle kuch parh phir bol
Leave your cheap ad hominems aside. This is the point you always come where there is nothing to discuss right? No Turk refuse the existence of greeks here, and there are still tons of churches. You idiots think muslims were and are happy and you gave them everything.
@Arab_Fury @guardian Poor kid. All he wanted was to grow up and behead Kuffir. We feel so bad for him.At 14 ISIS would have sent him to kill
you gotta be a special kind of an idiot to be a libbu AND a muslim while living in india
.As a republican,Christian woman,I must say that PaulaWhite is a scary opportunist. Best example of right-wing EXTREMISM exploiting Christianity and Bible.Its sole purpose is to radicalize and mobilize its violent followers toward criminality and terrorism in the name of religion
@eldefinido Fuck the Quran. http://t.co/NUhtaDkFwz
Remember when Tommy Robinson went on VK and told everyone that lockdown would end on Eid because the government treats Muslims different to everyone else? Lockdown is still on you silly racist idiot.
I was loyal to you because you were loyal to Christian beliefs and stood up to the radical bullies. I made the sacrifice of driving the extra miles and spending the extra money to support you. That will be no longer the case. The hero is gone.
I want to see the "Judeo-Christian" alliance in action on this issue, but righty j's who align themselves politically with white Xians seem as cowed on the subject as most whites. Exhausting to see all the anti-white/anti-Xian propaganda pushed by radical J's. Silence is support.
@exJizyacolector @abunaseeha2 Yes, only Islam can generate that level of barbarity, hatred, and inhumanity. https://t.co/frOHLueT12
If all Christians were like you Reuben, they’d deserve to be mocked - particularly for their apparent views on LGBT. Fortunately the vast majority of Christians I meet and mix with only want to support as many people as possible and spread good. Take a long look at yourself.
Your language and use of words clearly shows you are a Hindu. Idiots don’t even know how to pretend to be a Muslim.
@SevilZadeh Karen Armstrong was interested in writing a hero worship book that would sell with Muslims.  Very narrow picture.
So true... These Muslims are Terrorists... Quran is a book that should be renamed as book of terrorism or course to build a ISIS group
How does it feel to be Hitler’s right hand man? And what does that lovely Christian woman you call”mother” feel???
Actually. No one forgets. We all mourn. Radical Islam & Jihad have no place in our society or values. We investigate, arrest &amp; imprison such terrorists. Justice &amp; humanity prevail.
we can identify the faces behind the veil who talks about hindu hatred and support radical islamists. there is nothing called secular which is brought by the womanizer's dynasty for muslim and christian appeasement. so, I give a shit to the word secular.
Anyway, I'm glad the man's not dead. In Italy, some idiots have issues with immigrants (especially muslims), racism and xenophobia have always pissed me off. As you can see, we're in the same team... the one of good people I dwelled, sorry...
PSA: Evangelical Christians are willing to support Trump even with all of his flaws and missteps due to the increasingly radical rhetoric and beliefs of the Democratic Party. If you want more of the Evangelical vote, stop being so radical and promoting anti-religious rhetoric.
See who you are collaborating with. You betray the Muslims !! France, Russia, Greece? Idiots
Hahahahaha converted Muslim I told in English I don't praise either ass-ram bapu neither Vikas neither maulana saad and neither this idiot. Ask him to go for gender change operation and get pregnant . Maybe this can help to get bail and you can be the father of that child
#Terrorist #Taliban you attacked a civilian hospital in #Zabul #Afghanistan. You killed an ancient child who even doesn't know his gender, his name you take his childhood and life shame on you. This is not #Jihad, this is a crime against humanity.
He’s a complete idiot Jean...he was seen carrying a placard calling for Muslims and gays to unite. You really need to be insane to try calling for that!
RT @ha_bibti: MT @aaronstein1: #Turkey is now the only major (Muslim majority) country in the Middle East that is not bombing #ISIS
The difference is that there are very few societal pressures to encourage a Christian woman to become a nun A woman in a Muslim country, regardless of her faith, can be punished for not covering up Try that here. "You're not a nun, so I'm going to beat you" Different, right?
Most of our Judges appear to be biased morons, our laws and our Judges, MUST CHANGE. We are the laughing stock of the world. If you are a criminal or an illegal immigrant, or a Muslim terrorist. Come to Britain, you will be welcomed with open arms and looked after. We are idiots
@abu__ramadi And what race are Muslims exactly. The race of the stupid, blind and violent?
More power 2 u, I thought we had free speech in UK, have they taken that also away from us? Its like Blasphemy Act being set up in by a snp Muslim MP whereby we r silenced from speaking out against them - 'honour killings', FGM, muslim rape gangs, halal, islamic terrorism etc!
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab Arab world : &gt;No Democracy &gt;Religious sharia law. &gt;No religious freedom to non Muslims. &gt;Religious Umma. &gt;Muslim brotherhood. &gt;Never speak against genocide due to Islamic terrorism. Ur silence has caused “Islamophoba” not us. “Practice what u Preach”
Clear sign of Hindutva(group of fake Hindus) being terrorists not less then ISIS Love jihad is just a Bahana, they're nothing but INHUMAN, THEIR GOAL IS TO KILL THE HUMANITY.
@ummayman90 Again, you miss the point that god is not interested in military rule, phony frauds like Mohammed who benefit from it are #Islam
We Muslims openly condem ISIS, Al Qaeda. We don't support these terrorist groups. these terrorist use fews verses of quran like you qouted without its context and brainwash muslims to commit terrorism.
1.7 billion muslims and you think the problem is muslim and not extremism? you are way to ignorant and misinformed on this topic to make such sweeping claims. Stick to spamming that ! Button defiantly doesnt make you look like an idiot and helps get your point across.
That is the problem, Christianity is not radical. Christians have rolled over and had their bellies tickled. Sadly @UKIP keep blowing their chances. My 25 yrs of support of a party since it anti federalist league days has gone completely now.
Too late for crying. He has radical support from christian groups.
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia - fear of this. http://t.co/Fewr2MFIqn
@MaxBlumenthal Here are the verses from Quran and Hadith proving genocidal aim of the Muslim biggots. http://t.co/pF8iwpdb1d
@UmarMal All the rest are impoverished, like every Muslim country that doesn't have an ocean of oil.
@AbuYigitAlCahrz @LeonardoMaxwel1 Could that be because Islam declared war on humanity 1400 years ago? http://t.co/xZjOzUQnZx
RT @tummala82: @Clashoftherats @YusufPeaceful @IndyVoices @vileislam #Quran is full of nonsense &amp; I proved it. I rest my case. http://t.co/…
Amen, & lets not forget this ungodly person is duping an evangelical coalition that’s either blind or willing co-conspirators, into believing this some sort of Christian crusade, in support of the Jewish state of Israel, against radical Islam, according to some Bible prophecy .
You're okay with terrorists exacting jihad on our Nation's Capitol?!? #LiberalLogic - They hate @realDonaldTrump more than they love Our Country or Humanity.
you know not all Christians are pieces of shit right? i’m a bisexual Christian woman that is pro-choice, isn’t racist, and i’m not a republican. just because i choose to spiritually follow someone, doesn’t mean that i’m automatically a shitty person wtf
@AAlwuhaib1977 Wrong again, it is the Muslims murdering the Hindus in India, Kashmir, Bangladesh, and Pakistan.
RT @proadstudio: Israel withdrew Gaza 2005. Evidently #Hamas is so far up your ass @munnerlyn33 you're choking. @NuritBaytch @themillieneal…
With this theory all muslims will get infected remember #TablighiJamaat who spread virus, remember many muslim idiots of tiktok. Want me to send you video.
Where do you think we got our slaves from? We did not round them up but bought them at slave markets, primarily run by Muslim traders. Muslims own slaves today, over 400,000 in Africa alone. Did they get them from us? Kaine proved to be an idiot as Hillary's running mate.
our freedom fighters constitution builders have. Why I don’t support CAB. A nation can never develop with a radical religion idealism countries like turkey Pakistan are the example. What will happens if tomorrow America or Switzerland become a Christian nation ???? Who knows 2/4
So are you also sacking Naz Shah for the abhorrent Muslim raping gangs tweet, the Labour MP that went to TWO funerals in One day and Stephen Kinnock..?? If I supported you idiots I would feel embarrassed.
@jaketapper @RaviAgrawalCNN Another case of, "If you say Islam is violent we will kill you."
39 Indians dead! Killed by those bloody terrorists who suck and are the most disgusting organisms on Earth. Earth is ashamed of having such animals. They do crime in the name of jihad why are they still alive? Humanity is dying and these fucking animals are winning
I say start with the radical Christian Extremists and root out where they are radicalized. I don't in general support abbot but if you are really going to look for domestic terrorists I support this effort.
That's the polite thing she could have done other than throw it at him. It was full of lies and directed to the nativists and radical right. He's an evil man w/o love in his heart. If you call yourself a Christian and support him, you'll answer to Jesus #StateOfTheUnion #SOTU
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews Nazis were not Christians.  Mohammed led 17 major military expeditions. Jesus led zero.
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov What matters is that people like you are trying to lay a guilt trip on us while ignoring the truth.
Great idea, the the thugs figure out a 1000 dollar tv is in no camparrison to all the elite 40,000 rings and 25,000 dollar necklace , not to mention all the pretty white woman in the house. You may want to read what the Muslims and Commies really think of their helpers. Idiots
I never say as a Pakistani lmao. I say as a Muslim Pashtun stop worshipping Turkey. They openly support anti Pashtun militias in Afghanistan. You look like an idiot with Turkish flag in your name
Worm of Islamic militant http://jihad.my language is good .look at Ur language .u said a great man bhagat a terrorist .Hinduism a stone age , then I can say worm of Islamic jihad ( which is not humanity)
Brother,No religion teaches to disrespect other gods instead Hinduism doesn't even bind anyone to a god unlike Islam and let me tell you doesn't matter if this shit is written in one verse or throughout quran it is what is being followed by thousands of terrorists,ISIS etc.
And how much daylight is there between the American white nationalists, American Evangelical Christians, the Redpill/Incel misogynists, and radical gun rights groups? I would like to see a Venn diagram, and throw in Trump support, too.
I’ve supported Tommy as well Shazia. I really like your message. But I will not go against the Jewish people’s rights to a safe passage! As I’m a Christian woman and would not not deny anyone a safe place. https://t.me/ShaziaH/48
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins The peaceful Q verses are pre Medina, Mecca verses when Mohammed had little power and was endangered.
U Bollywood idiots.. First of all no brain in ur head &amp; talking of empathy.. Hv u any guts to criticize RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? Who made condition of ts child like this? By keeping silent on ISLAMIC TERRORISM, u r responsible 4 this kid's pain..
FOR FUCKS SAKE CAN SOMEONE TELL MY FUCKING PROFESSORS THAT ARABS DONT EQUAL MUSLIMS??? CHRISTIAN AND JEWISH ARABS FUCKING EXIST YOU IDIOTS
David Vance is an open racist And you re here trying to take a clipped version of what he said then take it out of context And then hope someone beats him up Idiot you are David Vance also attacks the Muslim community the same way Katie Hopkins and the far right do
Request you to teach this to #ISIS, #Taliban, #Bokoharam, #JUD, #LET, #Hamas, #HUA, #ALQaeda, #PFI , #HizbulMujahideen, #IndianMujahideen etc etc 1250 more banned #Radical_Islamist_Terrorists organisations. They seem to read quran from RSS shakha in Nagpur in sanskrit.
Saudi cleric believes earth does not revolve around sun. There must be 50 ways to return to the 7th century with #Islam as your expert guide
@WithTrish @JRehling The difference is that Islam has a requirement for Jihad, has over 100 large terrorist orgs., and declared war on world
If there are any other idiots that think Muslims are taking over can you please unfollow and stay the fuck away from me.
@TLC Avery you idiot, you are NOT Muslim....You are Christian! Avery really has problems....Serious mental problems...#90DayFianceSelfQuarantine
The Chinese communist party which is systematically committing genocide on Chinese Muslims is who owns it and is not data mining for profit. It’s for power you idiot
You are! I already mentioned in the comments that I respect you as human but don't have to accept you! + to gain respect you should give it so don't call over 1 billion Muslims ”if not more” all around the world ”idiots”
@BDSSupporter 98% of Muslims are killed by other Muslims, microbrain. http://t.co/f3erq7u9s3
U Uninstall radical islamic terrorism. That's enough. Else commies will cage u like Uhigurs. U ppl @commies+ Islamists r a joke. I wonder what Islamists Vs communists debates will be . Hindustan will fix communists&amp; Islamists. Don't worry.!
There are numerous Muslim states. Do they have Muslim privilege in America? There are numerous black-majority countries. Is black privilege a thing outside of Africa? Or are you just an idiot?
The book who told to kill non muslim through jihad is right. The book which made the man like Bagdadi,Osama,ISIS,and many terrorist organization in the name of mohmmad. Which is never condemed by Quran reader.. Also this book,context are not systematic arranged
I told him. He married a Christian woman with the same name as me (and little else in common, so it’s not super creepy, just weird). And then he got born again. I shouted my (non)abortion at him once, all right.
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Mohammed loved robbing caravans and looting for a living. ISIS robs and lots for a living.
You know al saraj his role ended two years ago and still your idiot boss want him to role for ever what about the innocent people of libya shame on you you called him a muslim
#RiyazNaikoo was not a terrorist He was a freedom fighter. India is terrorist and killer of humanity in kashmir. Jihad is our way. Riyaaz Naikoo is our hero. Any doubt?
@shehzilk @watan71969 You dumb asshole, he legalized slavery, he raped slave girls, he was a pedophile. How can you call him great anything.
This is not a statue of prophet Muhammed you idiot this is a statue of a muslim scholar.
#Handwara Stay safe my army men ....there is no need to bother about the lives of those who give shelter to the terrorist.Humanity is only for those who behave like humans.let's hope the lessons are learnt from this loss in the battle against ever mutating Jihad in Kashmir.
What more can you expect from idiots. All Sikh Gurus are highly revered by both Hindus and Sikhs. What about Pakis? Their former rail minister insulted the brave Maharaja Ranjit Singh, saying he Converted Muslims to Sikhs. Idiots. They only know to lie and that too pathetically.
Do u like islamist terrorism in world ? Do you support islamic terrorism ? Do you stand with innocent peoples whom killed by fundamentalists ? Do you see story of indian soldiers who lost life cause of islamist terrorism ? If u have guts, reply to yourself !
One of the main goals of the deen is preservation of life and to stand up to injustices. May Allah break your foot if you believe wiping your foot&gt;someone’s life. + some of these IDIOTS do not understand that this same musiibo affects their Muslim brothers and also themselves.
@asem_1994 Look at the kinds of opinions that the Islamic world is stuck with. http://t.co/AryC4kA2CD
People who propagate this idea with pictures like this don't know many black women. I grew up with them and several are good friends. I'm thinking of my friend Brenda right now who is a great Christian woman and a big woman. Not fat but tall and large boned. This is not uncommon.
Mrs idiot whom are you telling jehadis in every case the murder is done by someone else and the name is given to a Muslim. In uttar dinajpur recently a media kept showing that a hindu girl is murdered by his Muslim lover but two days later the boys body was found death (part 1)
What an idiot. So much wrong with every single one of those tweets. He is beyond help. And his whole attitude would change if you add Muslim into the mix
Peace and all terrorists came out of those nations. How can you now convince me that they are only blackmailing Islam? Ideal is an Islamic jihadist group, Boko Haram is one, al-Qaeda, ISIS to mention a few. All these draw their authority from only one book, the Quran.
Hahaha I suggest you read a lot lot more. If you think Islam is radical you need to look at the Christian right. They also detest Judaism but they support Trump. What has that got to do with the two Rep. Its not their posts.
You should advice and educate Muslims for mask usage, as most of them belleve some unseen will take care of them, like Pakistani idiots.
So some idiot laughs at 2002 and 2020, so you hate Modi? Lol. Modi has always been hated by Muslims and so is BJP. I wasnt born yesterday. I have seen how much vitriol Muslims have thrown at Modi since he took power in 2014. And that's fine. It's a democracy. Hate whom you want.
Christians should meditate on what this actually means. What belongs to the state that does not belong to God? In what context is this not idol worship? There are much stronger verses to support radical theology such as those in Acts but I believe this is under cited.
1. 1st you should understand difference between mercy and amnesty? 2 Do u mean Veer Sawarkar convince Jinaha ,Gandhi, Nehru ,Sardar and Mount B for two nation theory and transferring power between muslim league and congress ,not Hindu Mahasabha? Then u are madarsa chap idiot. 1/2
Whatever you say. I married a "Christian" woman who said all the right things but refused to give an inch if she knew she was right. And she was always right. And she used the Bible to justify all of her evil, becuaes God was always on her side. And when she divorced me, guess
@Shami_IS_back Yes, that is why Mohammed called blacks "rasin heads".
When illiterate idiots comment without reading anything, they want people to make fun of them.. You do know that pakistan population is growing at much larger rate?and in india ,muslim community has one of the highest growth rate?
It was hit by a Muslim that you support to enter our country because you won't support our president building a wall and immigration reform! You are the problem along with the other idiots of the Democratic party!
#Corona_Jihad in this world of pandemic these jihadi acting as catalyst. Should completely put in exile these jihadi human bombs, a danger to humanity. All muslims are not terrorist, but all terrorists are muslims.
Who said muslim community? There are specific names. It's you who is blaming the whole community. People like you want communities to fight and people to die. You build the illusion of islamophobia n brainwash n incite idiots.
When you lost an argue u start calling confronting stupid , idiot bhala bhala. Just answer a great nation like you ruled by muslims of afghanistan, iran and turks for 1300 years. Where were your raja’s and brave nation? Bechare
Kashmir has been Muslim majority since the 1400s. Learn a thing or do. You Hindutvadis are idiots. You have no business criticizing Pakistan after what you all do to Muslims.
You are assuming that a white Christian male has some kind of right to tell other people what to do. This country isn't founded on that concept. This white, hetero, Christian woman LOVED her answer. Y'all you don't NEED your rights protected. They are institutionalized!
This was April 2020 abt one org only. Prior to this Trump administration sought to remove white supremicists from the counter-terrorism program and have them focus solely on Islamic terrorism. Despite mass shootings by white supremicists. We were here too. U cant rewrite history.
@adoomieforlyf @Shaffrazz I choose to define it by the Quran and it's followers.  And most are extremists. http://t.co/6iB4yH5y78
RT @royalmarine1980: Authorities will use anti Semitic attacks on twitter by Muslims and the left to introduce laws against hate speech ,re…
Do the right thing...do what is necessary to impeach Trump...you can quote the Bible later...says this Christian woman. Period.
Christians cannot support Donald Trump and the radical right. The Republicans have made it clear, infidelity to multiple wives, intentional spreading Covid-19, Russia get away with murdering our sons &amp; daughters is acceptable to the GOP. Christian's God does not except this.
Like this before I showed up!! And how it’s going to come back to me!!!???!!! WTAF?! She’s supposed to be a Christian woman?! Ohh &amp; right away the ex was like Any Good Christian Woman Would Let Him See His Family!! He Needs His Family! &amp; Yiur Not Letting Them See Him! Your
Amber, did you retweet someone calling Covid-19 the "China virus"? Come on, Christian woman, you can be better than that. You do know that a virus can come from anywhere and that this language stokes racism, right?
Max claims America doesn’t belong to everyone! Explain you idiot how did Ilhan become a congresswoman then? Max cheeseburger is the kind of guy who thinks supporting a Muslim brotherhood would get him to receive a noble peace prize or some other shit
You do not have courage to speak about islamic terrorism. U r sin for our country.
You have to be a special kind of an idiot if you liked pataal lok, they are just insulting everyone except the communists and muslims and this they say is entertainment...
@NNdabbour64 These are all excuses to hide the fact that you are following an evil and inhuman religion.
Lmao, get a new scapegoat you weirdo. Centrists stuck to the Russia script to avoid actual policy discussion and idiots like you ate it up, and now we have a choice between 2 conservatives. But you just keep buying the baseless fearmongering. Muslims, immigrants, Russia...
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 Debunked what ignorant one.  You are debunked by this. 8 Hadith say she was six. http://t.co/4OQ6GYKnWB
@Clashoftherats But thanks for demonstrating for the millionth time how Muslims lie about their religion.
In order to protect humanity, the elimination of Jihad and terrorism has become very important. Jihadis will die and terrorists will die.
Yeah, you achieve that by supporting an idiot. Everything he did is to hurt the Iranian people. The first thing he did as president is to stop Muslims from coming in the country. Wake up!! Ramadan Kareem.
The myth of "moderate" Islamic rebels.  They are all fanatics and #Islam must be outlawed.  http://t.co/BYGcWWqJW5
No, it’s just as racist as the rest of Europe. Don’t you dare claim that UK is such a lovely place. You nearly elected Jeremy Corbyn. A terrorist supporter. Jews get attacked on an hourly basis, Muslims do too. If you seriously think UK is the least racist, you’re an idiot
Again you relate it with religion. My problem here is some idiots relating my country (Azerbaijan) with terrorism. Actually when it gets to pogroms and other stuff, yes Christians also killed muslims. The first crusade by Pope Urban II in 1095.
NO! NEVER, EVER GIVE UP! ALWAYS STANDING UP FOR WHATEVER IS PURE, WHATEVER IS LOVELY! WHATEVER IS RIGHT! IN A WORLD OF EVIL TRYING ITS HARDEST TO STOMP OUT ALL GOOD, I, AS A BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN WOMAN, WILL STAND ON THE SIDE OF WHAT IS GOOD AND RIGHT TILL I DRAW MY LAST BREATH!
Your Radical Party breeds resistance from those to the right of you. What did you expect? You support illegals anti-semitism, BLM, ANTIFA, Infanticide, Socialism, Communism. You're anti-ICE, anti-blue, anti-voter ID, anti-electoral college (and we know why), anti-Judeo/Christian
No don't leave kashmir there is no threat Mujahideen are still looking to pakistan army if they will not take action after Eid jihad will start and this jihad will not only for muslims this jihad is starting to save humanity InshahAllah Mujahideen will show we are not terrorist
I hope What you are saying is correct But i don't know Which quran read ISIS and all jihadis terrorist
As a Christian woman I wholeheartedly support Women’s reproductive rights.
@roisin_morgan I'm standing outside and looking in and there isn't a shadow of doubt that the  Muslims of Palestine are the terrorists.
Same as religion, one rule for muslims ,one rule for everyone else not shouting about that are you ,pointless party idiot
Incredible. The founding fathers of the US must be rolling in their graves to see the perversion orchestrated around the second amendment. No different from ISIS in its perversion of the Quran. #SandyHook #terrorist #peaceplease
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Islam is against evil If you read the Quran, you will know it God forbade us from killing anyone and that the throne of God vibrates when anyone is killed Do not consider that ISIS and terrorists are Islam ... they are killers and their fate is fire
You don't need to do that...Just bcz some idiots are using it for their evil deeds doesn't mean the slogan is wrong...Being a Muslim I have no issue with the slogan. Everyone has a right to follow their religion and shout their religious slogans Anyways I respect your thought.
Let me be clear. I am A CHRISTIAN woman of FAITH, AND I am a PRO-LIFE-pro-CHOICE advocate. I believe in the beautiful gift of life God gave us, &amp; in almost every case I would hope for life... BUT NO MAN on this EARTH, has the right to OVER POWER GOD's WILL. #GODGIVESUSCHOICE!!
But if you point finger at this idiot, you shall be told: - Not all Pakis are like him - Religion of Peace - You (1) are Islamophobic - He does not represent Muslims
They certainly scream like bitches dont they,..GET OUT OF THE ROADS YOU IDIOTS,...protest against the 40 million black people who are held as slaves by Muslims in North Africa and the middle east TODAY!!!! Those black lives need your support,or maybe it's not really..
Have you noticed that Ilham Omar and they team are not showed kneeling? MUSLIMS ARE PROHIBITED TO KNEEL TO ANYONE BUT GOD And the rest of those stupid idiots are kneeling for anything OBEY MORONS
Haha! The US is the last country to seek help for saving Muslim. How many Muslim countries were defined as terrorists countries by US? You are a funny idiot.
Listen, Muslims only see us as the enemy, everything they do is for the furtherment of the Cult that is Islam! Every WOKE idiot should be forced to spend 28 days in the MIDDLE EAST, and look properly at the Monstrosities they really are! Start with Pakistan, you will love it!
RT @emanin: Bloody Islamic Bastards https://t.co/kbS2gIK2ki
In a major turn of events, even the Christians didn't want to be associated with trump anymore, claiming theyd rather support a radical leftist who doesn't believe in God. LOL
What do u know about India &amp; Hinduism? India has been telling world about Islamic terrorism for &gt;30 yrs but no one was listen &amp; then 9/11 happened &amp; whole world is talking about it. Can u specify about pogroms u r talking about? If u can’t, it is better not to comment.
Lol u must be definately watching too much pakistani movies... g***n is for Islamic terrorism,Bhagwa(safforn) where as is colour of Nationalism
RT @Greg389: Theresa May today pleaded with #Jews not to leave. Jews build wealth, Muslims take welfare. Simple economics. http://t.co/lvaN…
I don't need to debate with idiots like you! If you don't like Islam, that's fine, it's your choice. Just remember, there's 1.8 billion Muslims worldwide. Jews are around 20 million worldwide. I love good jews, but have no time for Zionists!
Can u take a serial in same way on the church sex scandals and Islamic terrorism in name of religion on the interst of the public?
Do you remember when the same idiots tried to pass off Muslims praying in Tahrir Square during the Egyptian Arab spring as being in London. The rage from far right accounts claiming to be Londoners was a sight to behold.
You call us “Abeed” in private. The Muslims treat us as useful idiots. We are on to your game. No longer will we be enslaved by Islam. Your goals are not the same as us.
All of you Islamic Jihad terrorists are going to be eliminated... nothing can save you...killers of humanity...
@ummayman90 What do customs and rules and history have to do with it.  Marrying a 6 year old and screwing a 9 year old is sick like Islam.
@Alfonso_AraujoG @ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal And Muslims today are as determined to do that as every generation before them.
Americans need to know the reason for your stand with radical social terrorist group RSS your finàncer and it's political wing BJP who is bringing diagrace to my motherland INDIA. Why do you support killing of Christian's and others? Why do you stand with social bigots?
Some northern Muslims are pathological fools and idiots! I think so much illiteracy affects most of them. I think illiteracy is communicable. How do you explain supposed enlightened people defending: 1. buhari 2. Massive bloodshed in S.Kaduna and the kaduna's first lady tweet.Omg
I mean seriously gomata, Hindu Muslim in this tough times? What are you people man? I know a person with 75 IQ, and she can tell you're such an idiot @ShefVaidya . Kyu hamesha zeher ugalna hota hai
Idiot , the case has been seen by journalists. Your Pakistani sponsored terrorists have killed him. What tortures are done to Baluch Muslims by Pakistani Muslims?Chi chi Shame on you. I think you are not a genuine Muslim. Allah wants peace not terrorism.Tell your terror baps.
What?!? You think just because America had a black president and a Muslim congresswoman means there's no systemic racism? As i said watch Crips and Bloods Made in America &amp; THEN will you understand. BLM is now an official movement voice for black America its a pity idiots ruin it
You're the only Bible influencer I know on the bird app...... Even if I'm a Muslim .....i respect the fact you're glued to the word of God and using it appropriately...but I didn't see your tweet when that idiot dragged God?
You can't preach Ramayana infront of Terrorists You can't expect humanity from Virus. With this same sick mentality TN already lost the identity of Hindu Dharma. Now It's a land of convertion factories and jihad training centers
@ucddublin @UCDSU @HumanitiesUCD @ucdscience @UCDHistory Coming soon to a University near you. Would UCD authorities who originally declined to send representative to Newman's canonization (until shamed by MUSLIM Mayor of Birmingham) stand up to idiot student fanaticism? @RuthDE
@LifeInKhilafah You must have found it in your imagination, because it doesn't exist in Islam.
Hindu religion stood for humanity, no jihad/no conversions. When Hindu will become terrorist then there will be no more Islam in these country so Congress and it's allies don't force Hindu to become terrorist Bharat mata ki jai
The communists. The communists are always the monsters. 200 million dead and counting from your hateful ideology. Active genocide in China. And you want BBQ for idiots trying burn crap down. You're disgusting. Why do you hate Muslims so much that you want them killed?
Hahaha... From where do you get such aliens? I mean.... How can you talk just anything Why are they so scared to accept the truth of being Muslim? Ashamed? Scared? Ignorant? Or simply idiots?
First fire #bullet, kill non-muslims -- its #Jihad #terrorist killed -- ITS AGAINST HUMANITY #Funny
Trending in EU: Far right journalist interviewing a Christian woman at the recent Pride March in Bialystok, Poland https://ift.tt/2K0Ivwp
The Democrats do not believe in Christianity. They are trying to abolish it. They have become radical leftist that support anything against Christians.
No. I call you an idiot because you say that police do not profile an entire race as dangerous, YET #BLM KNOWS THEY ABSOLUTELY DO, every black man in US knows AND every Muslim AND every Hindu! Maybe as an Australian YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU’RE SAYING.
Bandt you IDIOT, I bet that your fragile intellect has not worked out yet that “ muslims” in our public housing ARE NOT MUSLIMS. Real muslims DO NOT &amp; CAN NOT accept any charity, it is against Islam. So we are being conned, they are not muslims!! But you wanker believe them
Pesrpective Faour Perspective. I have a Muslim name to Quebecois... So I know. Those rioting yesterday are idiots. The US is on the brink. Tension is extremely high in this covid-19 era... You don't import tension.
You are a enemy of Britain.. you ideas are in line with Stalin. Appeasement to the Mob, you are the Mob. Britain wake up to this Muslim idiot, the Left and Black Life matters are sinister, this will end with burning books and is a dangerous moment. Politicians are allowing this.
@discerningmumin The Muslims attacked and murdered the Zoastrians in Persia and the Buddhists in Afghanistan.
"I stand as a Christian woman’", says @presssec mcenany. Right. A #christian woman who lies, lies, and lies. Just like your lying, lying, liar predecessor Sara Huck.
@MaxBlumenthal Max asks as his Palestinian friends are beheading gays, doing honor killings, driving Palestinian Christians out of existence
@RSSorg nvr did any killing rather saved ppl in crisis, probably you #Jihadis think #RSS is like #madrassa cuz #muslims don't hv any exposure to #humanity u follow blindly #religionbasedcrime #Jihad #MuslimsLynchingHindus #HindusNotSafeInIndia #TerroristNationPakistan #terrorists
Lol, Muslims believe that Jesus is the Messiah, you idiot!
Wrong Harald. Al-shaabab, Boko haram and Isis and other terrorists group, they don't read Quran perfectly. You aren't allowed to kill civillians and people that don't want to attack you. Even you aren't allowed to kill captive sildiers.
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab U have religious sharia law &amp; no freedom of religion to other non-Muslim . U have religious Umma not us. U pray for Muslim brotherhood &amp; We pray for humanity U never speak against genocide due Islamic terrorism Ur silence is cause all “Islamophoba” not us.
Been called a racist by some tosser that actually brought up the crusades I mean blacks are destroying the country and Muslims are raping white kids at will but this fucking idiot is more concerned about what happened generations ago,I bet he would text you his pin if asked,
Try ur best to categorise Hindus as terrorists but u won’t cuz terrorism in itself means Islamic Terrorism...like biscuits is Parle-g chocolate is Cadbury Mineral water is Bisleri...Terrorism is Islam...continue with ur agenda
Dream only , Jesus was and that’s you have so many Christians other wise cannot be all idiots ? Following Mohammad and that’s why you have all Muslims For Muslims we believe in all we don’t lose any thing You have to get more familiar with Islam not from Israel
And another reason you don’t think it’s the right example is because you are a man I suppose, a Christian woman is not regarded as a good Christian woman if she is not submissive to her husband,to be a good Christian she has to accept the misogynistic status quo of the religion.
Chalips who also ravaged killed raped prophet mohamud's family membrs including kids women and imam Husain..... ISIS and other terrorist inhuman organization are inspired by these greedy caliphs who changed Islam and Quran
Lots of Christian women can't bring themselves to say the bible is misogynistic. If you need points to defend your humanity as a Christian woman,I wrote some things on this particular video. Need to find it though. No man born of a woman have the right to question your humanity
@Jgwdupreez @HuffPostRelig Denouncing terrorism and violence means denouncing the heart of Islam. http://t.co/0ffBqlU8l3
See? I was right, I knew it pisses you off to see a Muslim who is not lefist, which is why you just tried to sound like religious &amp; reasonable to make me seem like an idiot who happened to be Muslim and doesn’t abide by his religion Leftists don’t own Muslims
Get lost idiot if you can stand up for a Muslim but not for a Kashmiri Pandit
Do you believe that? Islamic conquest Do you see any unity or strength in Muslim countries to give that any credibility in the 1st place? It's a sad time for Christian's &amp; Muslims relations if this is allowed to be a wedge Please try ignore idiots that fuel this nonsense
She lied. She said she was a " good, Christian woman " that gave the debate questions to a candidate.
@BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime That old line of BS.  There are over 100 Islamic terrorist orgs. No other religion is close.
Idiots I came from nalanda. Nalanda was destroyed by muslim ruler fro. Where you got such knowledge . Madrasa chaap are just donkeys
Quick recap of right-wing commentary: 1. Religion must be respected (marriage, abortion) 2.Religious freedom must be protected 3. It’s awesome @ScottMorrisonMP campaigned on his Christianity 4. Oh my God - we don’t want to hear that lefty Christian woman talk about Jesus!
@90DayFiance Brittney is a hoochie idiot, you go to a Muslim cultured country, expecting to be Rachet fresh off the plane.
I keep saying this. The world won't get it right because the church (western civilization) is at the heart of racism in America. I am saying this as a bible believing, Black, Christian woman.
Less than 3,000 people died during 9/11 and we went to war and white people are still “living in fear” of Muslims to this day. Yet 130,000 people die bc the domestic terrorist running our country is an idiot yet you’re defending it ??? What a bozo
If i was a brown/muslim person, i'd be nothing but ashamed to have a character as lame as Kamala Khan be one of my primary examples of representation, especially when it's being championed by idiots like you.
Religious freedom entails a Christian woman's right to practice birth control as scripture not only allows but commends. Those who are against pro-choice are hostile to dignity &amp;freedom. They are treasonous against democratic nations &amp;seek theocratic totalitarianism.
Some idiot in Florida walked up to my uncle and asked what’s that flag you have hanging there next to the American one? It’s a Greek flag, I’m Greek. Dope neighbor: why does it have a cross on it? I thought y’all were Muslim.
You idiots please don’t further insult the poor animal by comparing her to this lady who is responsible for Delhi riots, Delhi riots were not anti Muslim, they were anti Hindu and incited by Muslims! If you have done something should be ready for consequences. Pregnancy is
It is the face of Islamic Terrorism and Seperatist Kashmiris who give these terrorist place in Masjid to attack Innocent Kashmiri Good ppl .....u all shd be ashamed of what u made the heaven Kashmir into hell
@drewmistak The content of the Quran and Hadiths give Islam a bad name.
Can I figure it out .. as muslim.. in this picture ... Let me know , if you want .. Idiots
And yes i m not spreading any kind of islamophobia. In fact the whole world is suffering frm Radical Islamists like ISIS, ALQueda, Taliban etc where these terrorists r killing innocents in Iraq, Syria nd innocents of othr countries especially Muslims which is against Quran
Muslim abuse and murder of minority religions continues in all Muslim majority countries. http://t.co/1UoMvZWcCq #Islam #Pakistan #Syria
Because they’re idiots. Not all Shia are like that, but how are you going to tell me you have better judgement than the Prophet pbuh himself? The person Allah swt spoke and acted through? And still call yourself Muslim...I don’t get it
A Christian woman has the right to allow her child to enter heaven w/o sin than to force a battle w Satan over a child's salvation. The discernment takes place between her &amp;God. Strangers don't care. They seek to cause stumbling &amp;give Satan opportunity to win two souls.
I think you are a big IDIOT.. I'm quoting eminent scientist and on the other hand you are saying these eminent scientists are clowns... Who told you to jump when many can't handle Muslims in debate
How can you pretend to support Christians when you show support for radical islam??
What an idiot, do you truly believe all muslims come from just a handful of countries, meantime in those countries they are burning our flag and chanting "death to America ".... yeah let's welcome those guys with open arms and pilot licenses
https://twitter.com/USCIRF/status/1272905669088358401?s=19 it is only the Restoration of Biafra Nation, that can put to end this madness of Fulani Jihad Terrorist Groups in all over African Continent, The Zoo Called Nigeria is over do for Disintegration, all We Ask for is Peaceful Disintegration to Save Humanity.
Pakistan, a Muslim country born just 73 years back .... and these Islamic idiots claiming that their civilisation is thousands of years old ... What you seeing in Pakistan is old Hindu civilisation and culture... Time when that part was also known as BHARAT.
Indian Christians who don't support Hindus but silently approve radical Islamist actions must remember that in the Paki "Ghazwa-e-Hind" project, they're also targets as "kafirs". Choose #HinduRashtra. Know the inevitable destination of Indian secularism...
So hung up on colonialism...idiot...you think Muslims weren't into slavery in the past...and colonialism through conquests...it's history...ffs. Let teach about the brutality of Islam stoning gays and adulteres dragging their bodies behind cars?? Genital mutilation?
@Damhan97 @niall_cullen @AC360 Having more children is what their prophet Mohammed told them to do.  Reproductive imperialism.
ISIS terrorists who are killing people all over the world are just fighting a holy war against the kufr prescribed by the holy quran. You are not a Muslim bro, you are just a good human being. In reality those terrorists are the ones who follow Islam truthfully.
why is the lutyen media silent on it? Award waapsi gang kahaan hai abi? @RahulGandhi where is your tolerance now? why are u silent on the killing of this innocent Hindu? Why don't u open ur mouth against the Islamic terrorism?
Such criticism with ifs and buts do more harm to muslims. We openly condemn misdeeds of hindus unconditionally, it’s high time educated like you Zaffar bhai start condemning such idiots without prefix or suffix. I will appreciate you more
Joe wants our children to learn the Muslim faith in SCHOOL. What about IN GOD WE TRUST do you idiots not understand?
The moment you call these riots anti-muslim is the moment you prove yourself an idiot. Well you've proven yourself to be so innumerable times already. Molotov cocktails, catapults, stones and bricks were found stacked up on terraces of Muslim households even b4 the riots. Fool.
Which destruction you mean? Of course if anyone gets killed by a Muslim for no reason, it's against Quran.... And Islam doesn't support it, is forbidden in Islam. We hate ISIS and such terrorist groups.... Don't judge Islam by those people who are killing innocent people...
you don’t have to be muslim to donate to muslim countries what the fuck is wrong with you idiots
For you, Jihadis-Rioters-Terrorists r INNOCENT &amp; VICTIMS BUT NATIONALIST Hindus-Hindusthanis resisting &amp; fighting for the Well-being, Protection of HINDUSTHAN r Hatemongers,Terrorists,Anti-Nationals ? If Hindus-Hindusthanis-Humanity WANT to SURVIVE&gt; #Jihad_Mukt_Bharat is MUST
Mentally ill !, the ones in Paris, the ones who took down the Twin Towers, the ones who did the killings on London bridge, I could go on and on, These were organised groups and 100% Muslims carrying out "Terrorist" acts against the West. You need to grow up. Donald Trump !, Idiot
I call myself a Muslim. God never brought down Islam divided. Idiots humans did that. 6:159 Those who divide themselves into sects do not belong with you. Their judgment rests with GOD, then He will inform them of everything they had done.
And remember we have such idiots in all religions but because of a different narrative that Mullahs have build around quran, many Muslim youth are misguided. Thanks to The Muslims I know, I don't find even one of them like you. They are as much indian as I am.
The same bandits killing innocent people in kaduna,zamfara,sokoto,katsina etc are the same killing innocent people and taking away their belongings,now same bandits killed some Christians and you hear some idiots come in to make it looked like it was Muslim killing Christians.
@shamsmuna @ajwatamr Don't be an idiot.  There are more than 100 Muslim terrorist organizations. No other religion has anything close.
Watching Shia Militia beat a Peshmerga to death, I thought, "Praying to Allah 5 times a day certainly peaks the level of fanatical hatred"
1st of all ISIS &amp; Al-Queda are not ideologies they are organisation to be specific terrorist organisations. Where as LW is a political ideology. Bible, Quran or Gita are religious texts which r basically read &amp; forget kind of things.
No...Did I say I support radical people? No I did not. I said Radical people are radical....no matter if they are Agnostic, Atheist, Christian, Catholic or Muslim. This is a true statement.
Dear SC No pollution, only 'peaceful' #Jihad seemingly by #BokoHaram #Terrorists Or is it pollution of mind, moral, heart, vision, humanity https://twitter.com/ManojSa52923870/status/919079699774504960
@aymannathem What is wrong with that, considering how the Sunni Arabs have been exterminating everyone else for 1400 years.
This takes the cake. I cannot believe you. You really just do not care at this point or else you think your Constituents are idiots. Illegal immigrants can come in legally. You mean Muslims from areas that are waging war on Americans or who wish to destroy our way of life.
memes , really? When they R white washing islamic terrorism , they R not using memes surely. Still if U think its good idea, U can continue. The thing is when Hindus are murdered, that should also be brought to the notice. Then by memes or tweets, doesn't matter.
Or lawd forbid if your children identify as LGBTQ. So no, I know you saying #BackTheBlue isn't in support of the police but the police who back and protect your bigot, radical Christian, bubble living lives.
#KeralaGoldSmugglingScam I can understand abt. gandhi/vadra's even dubey! It's no secret Kerala is a breeding ground radical islamic terrorism. It has to b coz of commie lefts. Do U hv less in ur plate? Why no action taken against those? I'm talking abt. 'punishment' not drama.
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Child abuse is illegal in western culture. It is accepted in Islamic cultures because their prophet...
Idiotic. Why u don't report to suspend dr zakir hussain, owaisi, munawar faruqui? You show ur cult behaviour here too. U don't criticize them. U don't condemn Islamic terrorism, u don't condemn attack on doctors nurses by jihadi brethern. Shame on you
'Radical Islamic Terrorism' is the word she uses. Pretty accurate. ISIS and other groups claim their views are Islamic and they quote Quran and Sunnah just like our peer reviewed journals cite sources or judgements cite precedents. They ARE radical islamic terrorists.
The fact that Radical Islamic Terrorism in the US has been, at least for now, flushed down the memory hole is telling So what does it mean? It means it's all manufactured in-house. USA IC-made. Same nice ladies &amp; gents who bring u all the other manufactured crises &amp; false flags
@KhaledHamaki This is a more complete picture of the bigotry of Islam than your selective lie. http://t.co/raGDag6tmL
Lmfao what are you talking about??? Who said I didn’t care about Muslims. Idiot.
What are you talking about. They are fake and manufactured muslims. Who's Tarek fateh or rubika or rumana. Fake names and fake documents don't make anyone a Muslim. I don't understand, why idiots reply to these unimportant people. Do they really matter to the country or people.
Trump is an idiot. But DeVos & Trump's other radical Christian right enablers want to DESTROY PUBLIC SCHOOLS. They HATE them bc they support American pluralism and diversity. Katrina was used as cover to destroy traditional public schools in NOLA. COVID will do it nationally. 1/
You don't believe in heaven or hell It's not my problem. It's not just for him yhe same thing for every Muslim. Mocking modi bhakt whats wrong in this ghar ghar modi karte karte or idiots hmare India k history change karne me lage they or neighbours geography
lovernova as muslim i got no sympathy toward her killers regardless what religion they believe....but you cant blaim all muslims for this....look at decade long terorism muslims have killed 100s of thousands of muslims these are illitrate idiots they got no religion
It's a horrible rhetorical whip used to keep women insecure "He might be abusive." Yes, but with the right legwork BEFORE the marriage, AND a proper relationship DURING the marriage... Not likely. We're not caged lions, itching to devour a Christian woman.
hey americans whats up? they force you to wear a mask today, and will force you to cover your hair tomorrow!!! this is how muslim strategy works see the big picture!!! lol :)))))))))... a country full of idiots :))))) you are sooo funny
Syria: Muslims repeatedly rape 60-year-old Christian woman, then stone her to death #RightNews
First of all conduct yourself like a gentleman whenever you're talking to people that you have no idea what they are, cursing at people will get you nowhere except make you look like an idiot , as a Muslim it's haram to abuse or curse your Muslim brother , manners please.
After replying this you block bhupesh thay he cant reply you so much intolerence you have everyone know who supporting and defending pakistan funding islamic terrorism in india and second thing we all want murdered vikash dubey to get punished soon we are not selective like u.
I doubt if this one is a Muslim shaa..but if you are eventually you have no ounce of respect for Islam,saboda you just gave idiots the platform to mock Islam .imagine the comments ..astagfurillah brother..ISLAM IS NOT A THING TO JOKE ABOUT ..
Saudi Sewer Qurans. What a perfect idea. And what a perfect place for a Quran. #Saudi #Islam #ISIS #Pakistan http://t.co/1Vgi0KNSUF
If ISIS has nothing to do with #Islam then why doesn't it attract Jews, Himdus, Buddhists, Taoists, Atheists, Christians. Why only Muslims?
Unfortunately the population of India is huge, so there’s a lot of idiots like him. But I can tell you that real Indians will not let that happen &amp; Sikhs will specifically stand to defend their fellow Muslim Indians. People like him should not be given a voice or even a retweet.
If a small pack of white idiots acting up means all white people are racist, what does it mean when a small pack of Muslim idiots set bombs off and murder British people? The easily disproved claim "All Muslims are terrorists"? Oh dear didnt think that through did you Humza
Also, you know Brexit is about opening us up to the world - hence proportionally less European and more muslim immigration to the U.K. If you hate something so much, why vote for more of it?! and you calling other people idiots...
So what r u if we r bhakts? Touts? Do some self realization. See around u, how many countries hv bn d victims of through Islamic terrorism? How many Muslims hv respect for odr faiths compared 2 ppl like u guys calling odrs as kafirs. Ur acts r simply inhuman barbaric
You really are quoting a guy who promised to pay his followers if any of them could produce a surah like the Quran, but a Muslim managed to troll him by sending him a surah from the Quran and the idiot published it thinking it was an imitation lol
IS supporter celebrating this attack is a sign all Terrorist is Terrorist no one good no one bad'all Terrorist killed man woman children muslims Christian Jews all religious mean #Humanity is a2sign of terrisom In jihad not allowed you kill woman children so they not are jihadi
@NNdabbour64 I know the truth. It is 280 million citizens of the earth murdered by scum shouting "Allahu Akbar".
There is no Muslim Bam you Dam idiot! The list of nations include North Korea, Venezuela, Cuba and other Non-Muslim countries!
Luke you have every right to question a woman's faith in the Lord she should not be dressed half naked spending the night with three or four different men that does not strike me as a good Christian woman I think the Lord just gave you an out a very good out God Bless You
what about those,who constantly Support thise who conspire everyday to mass murder hundreds of innocents in the name of mad jihad...Shame on double standard frauds like owaisi..First learn to wash ur "stinking ass"before trying to lecture others,u terrorists of the World&amp;Humanity
What do u even know about THE BJP And RSS . sitting in your tiny ass island not fit enough to be even called a country , u seem to think u know about the BJP and RSS . You don't know anything about BJP and RSS but the world knows about RADUCAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM. 9/11, 26/11 ETC
@SAIACarleton @Naazzk What about the environmental racism experience by Christians, Jews, Ezidis, Hindus, etc. in Muslim countries?
To all those people who always play victim card & say we r Muslims, we r being targeted everything happens to us just bcz we r Muslims so idiots see what's happening in Pakistan Hindus r not able to build a single temple. You r safe in India bcz Hindus r in majority. #Hinduphobic
I’m not a Muslim so I am not wearing a mask ! Actually I can’t believe how stupid you people really are ! Mask are useless in this virus situation. You all really need to learn the standards on mask ! Oh an yet the idiot head cdc also states the mask are creating a new problem!
But now this time we will not give you any chance to block the road If needed we can go ahead more than u think @KapilMishra_IND &amp; we will put uhh in ur drain and flush u bloody ISIS terrorists supporters..... The Radical Islamic terrorism gang
Butts Head, two idiot tweets in the same day! You and the Government you work for or should I say pull the strings on, are creating Racism in . This man wasn’t Black or Muslim! Canadians will see you for what you are. Nothing more than a Racist Liberal Sh’t Disturber!
Ask he if he regrets what he has done and condemn Islamic terrorists using children for the shake of Jihad against humanity
RT @MaxAbrahms: Islamic State members say they're following Islam while non-Muslims who don't even read up on religion insist they're not.
I thought you were an idiot when you worked for the Muslim Messiah...turns out it was true.
@abunaseeha2 Have they told the tribe yet that their daughters would become whores for sexual jihad?
Thanks Rahul! This time u right against FACTOPHOBIA and real face of islamic terrorism exposed! Kudos, don't worry about trolls, if someone goes overboard pls divert them here, we will take care TRUTH always wins, but u need to be on RIGHT SIDE to embrace it @ShefVaidya
I personally don't like the use of religious terms to Slam religions.. however I want to call out your hypocrisy here. why is using "hindutva" fine but if someone uses "Islamic terrorism / jihad / Mulla" for extremists, it offends majority of u deeply ?
@KenIsaacs1 @RaymondArroyo @DavidLimbaugh @AP Yes, if we just sit on our butts and let them murder and enslave Ezidis and Christians, ...
Looking like HUMANS but Truly group members of JIHADI Narpashu-Narpishach-Shaitan-Haiwan-Darinda-Rapists-Rioters-Looters-Terrorists conspiring Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity No Questions needed
y’all are the idiots that make assumptions. being ex-muslim isnt a set of beliefs, its simply a rejection of islam, so you cannot prove that all ex muslims support bestiality and shit... to save your own sexist asses
Hahaha have you got involved in some 2% of discussions, even fights I had with radical muslims since years in your whole life idiot? Things you wrote are more like coming from a crusader leftover anyway. There was a troll writing exact same bullshits.
She founded she's loosing then she came on point that u r breaking and have to b fight together These bloody hate mongers are Loopholes of our country who are become a Bedbuggers of our Country who are sucking the blood of by living in the same The radical Islamic Terrorism
Now a days u can do any crime in the name of protest and that’s every part of the world in India same thing happened in the name of ANTI CAA protest they ruin the capital of my country. Behind al this u find communists and islamic terrorism. We all need to finish them for peace
@gripusa Islam has contributed nothing to humanity but hatred, death, and destruction for a thousand years.
Read correct history books & reasons behind writing letters also,by Savarkar. Godse shot dead Gandhiji ONLY. Not created fearful atmosphere. All knows, u r creating such false narrative to defend Islamic terrorism. by setting single example , u r defending thousands terrorists
@scamp_faridxx @AbuAlbaraaSham Yeah, it's called caring about human life, idiot - something a genocidal Daesh would'nt understand.
But when the #Muslims conquer #America, they will not pity even these Jewish #Useful_Idiots and they will be the first to be annihilated. The speaker and you share the same ideas: "the US leads the world with a false culture".
@AhleFars To win a modern war you have to have educated people, not Madrassa rats.
He is becoming the epitome of black/ Muslim way of breaking down of the British way of live and the leftist idiots are helping them (reap what you sow)
Idiot, Those Kashmiri's tempted to look towards India as some sort of saviour need to see the plight of those muslims who are being killed for their food and chanting for Jai Shree Ram. Only rotten heads like you in Kashmir can support India.
We thank you America for giving us opportunity and freedom of expression. I am not going to break my lunch plate like these Muslim extremists idiot's. FBI should look into these fanatics.
ok, gotcha- Thought u were comparing these so called "radical Christians" to what we're witnessing w radical, terrorist Muslims across the globe or warring Israeli Jews; but what u have are ChristianZionists guilty by association thru their support of Zionism
@dankmtl Hard to get stupider than you. Still no change in ratios justified by anything Israel did.
BLM is a radical organization with Marxist goals. Amazon et al. tell us even on their entertainment venues that they support it. It's anti-Christian, anti-capitalist, anti-police just for starters.
Right! @BNCartwright has reiterated many times that she’s a Christian woman that comes from a Christian family and that is a firm principle of that religion so why wouldn’t she initially choose a Christian pastor who has Christian beliefs?! She’s from KY for goodness sakes!
As a blond haired, blue eyed Christian woman I feel confident saying she can fuck right off a cliff
SOME of you muslims are really the most hypocritical, arrogant, insensitive and selfish bunch of clowns. you don’t give a fuck about anyone besides yourself &amp; your brain capacity only allows you to defend one movement. get out of your lil bubble, idiots.
Right, it’s not urged, but it’s permissible to marry a TRUE Christian woman one that believes in one God. This applies only to men, as in an Islamic marriage the man has more obligations to the woman than the woman has to him. It’s more about the man performing his Islamic duties
U speak so much about love humanity but when it came to save hindus from islamic jihadis in neighbouring countries you chose not to stand with them. U proved once again a muslim will always support jihad and terrorists. This love n humanity talk is just a mask. U r all exposed.
You people are so idiots for that you are taking the side of a journalist for having selective outrage!! Why you don't feel the pain of 3 months old baby whose father's throat was slit in broad daylight, show me any outrage from him, because he didnt since the cuprit was muslim !
@DianH4 As usual, you are a Muslim liar making any excuses for a religion of barbarity, murder, hatred, and sexism. And now you are blocked.
You’re quite an idiot. This is what you’re worried about? If Obama was some secret evil Muslim terrorist who hated America he did a real bad job destroying the country considering he had 8 years and left the country better than when he found it by any metric.
Smh quote a Verse from the Quran and it better be not taken out of context and those killings that happen today are terrorists just because isis killed people does not mean its ok in Islam or Islam bad because of terrorists same goes with any religion committed by terrorists
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan Before the British showed up, the Muslims murdered 80 million Hindus.
I think you need to reeducate yourself idiot. The faces of people in China, Japan, Korea &amp; Northeast India changed after WWII. Read the consequences of Atom Bombs on Hiroshima &amp; Nagasaki. By the way, u better learn how muslims lived their life in early stage's 1400 years back.
Okay so in your theory we should get rid of all Muslims because a few bad apples are terrorist? We should get rid of all blacks because a few of them are criminals? We should get rid of all white because of the KKK? Seems like you are just an idiot.
@Superfeeder He's lying. There is nothing that ISIS does that the prophet Mohammed did not also do.
@vernsviews It's fair if the religion itself is extremist and if most of it's followers subscribe to what the religion invokes.
My friends are all conservatives, most of them are also Jewish conservatives, when we are bullied from any radical lefty, they ask me why I support all conservative party's, my answer is always, I gather facts, European Christians &amp; Jews we will be replaced if we let socialism...
you can't have communism without authoritarianism weirdo. People like to be Muslim, Buddhist, christian, to vote, to own private property and to have free speech. How do you enforce communism then? With an insane police state. And why are all libs useful idiots for Beijing?
@Arab_Fury Entire unarmed innocent Ezidi families were slaughtered and enslaved by ISIS, so shut up, hypocrite.
@ayibeebee @ToAllahWeReturn Pretending to be against hate and being a Muslim means you are a liar. http://t.co/khXWkRaznm
I'm seeing such an idiot first time in my life. Don't assume everything which feels good to you. We'll take revenge of blood of Afghani Childs, Kashmiris and of Indian Muslims.
@discerningmumin Islam is the most genocidal religion on the planet.  Mankind must exterminate Islam or be exterminated by it.
In the #WSABookstore: Get the book that will empower you to choose the right relationships + keep the bad ones away. “A CHRISTIAN WOMAN'S GUIDE TO FINDING PRINCE CHARMING AND KEEPING THE TOADS AWAY.” #empowereddating #dating101http://bit.ly/wsabookstore-ads19 @womentakingaut1
NO f***ing way......you idiots voted in that damn Muslim. Trump 2020
I guess you've never saw a muslim who turned into an atheist I guess go out of your bubble, there's a vast world outside and I am not a part of hindu community so no I dont have and am not asking for a place in Hinduism
@MaxBlumenthal Max looks at the genocide of 7000 Ezidis and countless Christians by his Muslims friends and writes not a word. #Islam
And no where in America should we have White Supremacy Domestic Terrorist you support. This includes radical Christian Right! You mourn nothing as part of the Trump Administration. tRump is the reason who incites the violence to occur with his vile racism!
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs How idiotic. There never were more than 5 million native Americans and most died from diseases.
I will say loud and proud that i am a christian woman who believes in God and also supports the right to an abortion, it says in the bible that we are not the ones to judge. Although, i probably wouldn’t be the one to go through with an abortion, some people feel they NEED to.
You supported radical Islamic group called OLF Qarro which is actively massacring ethnic Amhara and Gurage Christians in #Oromia region #Ethiopia. It is an active genocide in #Ethiopia on #Amhara and #Gurage. I want the American public to be aware of your support to radicalMuslim
These idiots are going to be the reason for so much more sin to occur because they refuse to face reality and rely on "should" statements. It's such a shame seeing the Muslim community further support being whatever gender you please. May Allah guide us. We refuse to be guided.
Come on you can't just lie about anything 1First of all there is no single man in video whole wearing Muslim cap 2 you are saying that anti Muslim media and journalism Hide the truth I don't know why all the idiots believe in fake news without any research on that
Tell me who are those that are funding isis.moreover islam is against what isis, isil,Bokoharam and any other terrorist group you know are doing,as God almighty said in quran 2:256 etc
some idiots in my mentions saying that Palestine is only a Muslim cause...FUCK YOU
The world plagued by terror of Islamic terrorists One slogan of the world…. Save humanity .. Wipe off jihad @ZeeNewsHindi @Republic_Bharat @SudarshanNewsTV @KapilMishra_IND
Your whole tweet is literally about people being racist by reacting differently to Muslims breaking lockdown rules and these idiots on a beach you’re clearly looking for an excuse to be a victim like why did you even need to bring racism into the situation when it wasn’t relevant
You’re seriously living in an idiot bubble if you dont think south Asian/Muslim communities contribute to racism
@RashidaTlaib supports a terrorist group such as Hamas,Islamic Jihad,Brotherhood whom they murders innocent souls in cold blooded! Iran &amp; all their Mullah leaders r supporting these terror groups therefore;killing one terrorist is a gain not only to USA but to all humanity!
Since when did religious freedom become radical left agenda? Since when is not believing in god of the right something bad? This is my biggest issue w/the Rt. I support religious freedom but they want all America to be fully their God Christian. I denounce this attack on freedom.
Bullshit, you're making excuses, the same could be said of those Muslims. Idiot.
Clapping !!!!! for Idiots, When They said Bad About Islam Thry are Great, when They bad about Pakistan. Quint has Won our Hearts. But when it Shown you your Real Ugly Face of India you said #DeshdrohiQuint . #BlackLivesMatter #MuslimsLivesMatter #HinduLifeMatters (As Muslims)
not even sure he understands what he just rambles about. everyone has a right to their own opinion. myself as a Christian woman feels he has disrespected the presidential office more than all the others &amp; their scandals combined.
UPDATE: RADICAL LEFTIST GROUP Threatens Christian Prayer Rally Planned on Saturday to Save the Iconic St. Louis Statue in Forest Park...We Need Every Republican Men In The Area To Show Support By Being There...BRING THE WOOD..
cow urine is an ancient treatment for human beigns ,low iq radical islamic terrorism will not get this because what we will do, u do the opposite, so enjoy ur camel urine ! ur ancestor was also used to cow urine, Ask them Y their nadda was loose when they saw the sword of mughal
They didn't give shit about you they even didn't want you they just want to secure their water supply you idiot. If they believe in Islam then tell me why they are not criticizing China over atrocities in xijiang province on muslim you know why because chineese are their daddy
Earlier they shielded with Women to help terrorists and now toddlers. They have no values in humanity just jihad. What toddler to with 72 hoors?
Sorry, I'm not the one who started the retweeting of others' posts. Besides, it's funny to see you, after even non Muslim experts call your scholars "idiots", continue to act as if "you've won". I'm not gonna debate you as I'm still a student...
@reza_rahman You are basically claiming that a religion that teaches hatred and murder has nothing to do with hatred and murder. Dumb!
Because of some idiots, you blaming entire community? It is like blaming entire muslim community for tabhligi jamatis.
@G_Abdulazeez Stupid comment. ISIS is sponsored by Islam and they behave exactly like the terrorist prophet Mohammed.
@ikalin1 @nrllhkose All westerners didn't subscribe to Nazi ideology.  All Muslims subscribe to the religion of hatered, murder, and bigotry
@scamp_faridxx And historians have actually made countless efforts to independently collaborate anything in Islam.  It's totally fabricated.
@DianH4 @InviteToIslam There are no scholars in Islam. Superstition is not a subject for scholars.
>our military regularly exercises in name of ataturk >our founding fathers praisd him > we hav alevi descent shias in pak >cus of couple idiots you attack all pakis &gt;islamic history is muslim history so yes we can love ottomans not you &gt;some pakis r whiter than turks
YuP! I strutted my ass right on out of mid-shift at Sam Goody’s. The mgr. was a repressed christian woman &amp; wouldn’t let us play any music that wasn’t christian music. She also would try &amp; write me up for my attire because it was of loose moral/character. She was fired
There was no india, Muslims fought for independence, created Pakistan for themselves and gave you india. India was a region then, not a country. Idiot
Imam's who disagree with Jihad are attacked by Muslims.  So where are these moderate Muslims?  #Islam http://t.co/hkh5tyEIej
Right sis, Yes I'm a Christian woman but I'm not prune. I like to have fun and enjoy life. I can be with a deacon type man. I need man who can keep up with me.
Who is the idiot gave you the award in journalism? there is a difference in innocent pregnant elephant &amp; immoral pregnant Muslim woman. Shameless Muslims killed innocent pregnant elephant &amp; immoral pregnant Muslim woman instigated and provoked Riots. #RadicalMuslimTerrorist
America has always supported freedom of religion however Americans can articulate when Therecis #hypocrisy in this and if you support Radical Islam and Sharia law in opposition to Christianity I suggest Iran or some such country who is just as offended by Christians as you are
Who r u stop islamic terrorism in India #Islamophobia
Hhhhh so quick to conclude... Was he praying and shouting ALLAH AKBAR and reading quran before he stabbed people and is twitter account called ISIS claimed responsibility as terrorist attack??? or it could be mentally ill disturbed white non muslim man? I
She is indeed sad and sick - but that is what happens when you are a right-winger. She is a useful idiot that Sky brings out when they need propaganda. You'll note she is also anti-muslim, anti-feminist anti BLM. Perfect for #SkyNewsAustralia
Nice Propaganda bit you lot sorted out with #Panorama on China last night mate - nothing new - just a rehash of what we already knew and some hideous animal cruelty pics thrown in. Almost as good as your sudden interest in a NINE month old Drone Video of the Uighur Muslims. Idiot
Low crime rate? Muslim rape gangs ring any bells? Knife attacks? Better healthcare? Boris almost croaked. How lost are you really?
@deafgirl1 Islam cannot forbid anything.  It is a sick cult with no power under the law.
@kewldevzzo I don't "follow" any god. But if one were to imagine Satan inventing a religion, it would be like Islam.
Do you admire someone who, Drunk and drive, Violation of lockdown, calling Muslims and Christian are terrioests, abusing CMs of Andhra and Telengana, create nuisance on the road, scolding police? Is this drunken idiot is a hero for you?
What #alBaghdadi haigiographers at the ⁦@washingtonpost⁩ WON’T tell you...Kayla Mueller, 26 year-old American Christian woman &amp; human rights activist RAPED repeatedly by the ISIS leader. #MeToo
@UNHumanRights SAVE BALOCHISTAN SAVE HUMANITY a true jihad Against A Terrorist Country PAKISTAN. PLEASE COME FORWARD.
@Mwforhr @FauxNews_ @bebird @LVview FSA sold weapons they got from US to the Islamofascists.
@ArarMaher Kind of the same thing the prophet Mohammed did.
My mother and Aunt voted to stop Muslims and people with brown faces, not Europeans you absolute idiot. They told me after the vote, and they didn't expect leave to win the poll. We all know what buttons the Vote Leave camp were pushing. Tories pandering to it.
People of 3 faiths lived in that land at times only when Muslims were at the helm of that land. Historical facts will never be known to idiots likes you.
Is that what you think ISIS is doing? Establishing “Our way is the only way”? That means u don’t know the first thing about islamic terrorism. Go find out what they want. Take as much time as u need. Let’s see if u can find out. I’ll wait
BITCH I DONT THINK YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I FUCKING MENT IDIOT. I AM MUSLIM I SAID TRUMP IS NOT BETTER THAN OMABA BOTH IF THEN ARE EQUALLY FUCKING DISGUSTING MFERS YES YOUR BRAINCELLS HAVE DEFINITELY DIED BECAUSE CLEARLY YOU CANT COMPREHANED SHT IDIOT
This is exactly why #JewishPriviledge is trending. Would you like me to find all the stories of Catholic Clergy raping children, or the 3 million girls at risk of Female Genital Mutilation (Christians, Muslims, and other religions)? Obviously this isn’t done by most Jews, idiot.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Because Islam makes people stupid.
You r NOT muslim. You r here to saw seed of hatred between muslims. There r millions of Turks who r against Turkey's NATO job to defednd NATO idiots in Syria.
No shame whatsoever when Chinese embassidor is asked about ethnic cleansing of Muslim Chinese. You can’t and don’t lie or cover the truth. We are all standing with them. You fucken moron idiot blind deaf peice of corona.
Idiots like you don't see tweets like this from Muslim preachers but you scream Islamophobia when people speak against your stupid ideology. Lol. https://twitter.com/PenAbdull/status/1281906418996719616?s=19
Although I haven't defended sharia until now but I will if there need be. Sharia is the Muslims sacred law. Supporting to apply it in India is something entirely different. I wouldn't support anything like that. But maybe, I'll taunte some idiots like you with that.
@roisin_morgan And Bibi is telling Europen Jews to move to Israel so that they won't have to face the same Muslim persecution as in Europe.
Amazing reply. Brumbyoz is fighting his personal war using his idiot minions to defame her &amp; using seema to call us moles. He's a cheap bully. @brumbyoz stop being a bully. Be a Muslim. Read Islam. Your tazkiyah meant nothing If you r back to your old ways. Allah Yahdeek
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia - fear of this. http://t.co/Ky1NQPNlYb
@PeninsulaQatar Not a real expansion. Just already existing local terrorists declaring loyalty to the worst of the worst.
@Saudi_Castro @donttreadonme65 @zaki_safar Your goat is calling you terrorist. She is horny.
Heard about Terrorist attacks in #Peshawar..#Taliban follows Jihad...Does Quran mentions to kill common people so badly..#RIP Humanity..
Harriet Tubman— she was known by a different name, “Minty,” a brave Christian woman in 1840s Maryland where African Americans have no rights &amp; a white person can own another person based on the color of their skin. She wants to escape.
@editorarmourae @sunnysingh_nw3 PanIslamism inspired terrorists no just nutters, Jihad menace threat to humanity
That was the darkest day not just in the history of india but in the history of entire world.....those terrorists on the name of jihad didn’t killed humans but rather humanity.... #MumbaiTerrorAttack
Idiot gulf countries stats about women are so negative pls research idiot There religion teach them to see a women as a machine to produce babie or as a slave And in our culture we believe women as goddess How can you compare argument with Hindu-Muslim
Are in idiot! Have u ever met a muslim?? and who is attaching Christianity your own Christians are doing that.... being cristian means what to you?? Love thy neighbor?? If you know a anything about Islam its about love, forgiveness, family, making decisions with your heart...
You’re not a Christian if you support radical right wing politicians. There is nothing Christ-like about their actions
One jihadi terrorists got 72 hoor in jannat.. No loss to humanity but greatday for humanity as one jihad got jannat..
This has been a hilarious convo. You understand trump is a useful idiot for the most powerful Muslims in the world?
My mother is in heaven, so that must mean you are a radical Christian. Good to know. So you must be renouncing all ties with the democrat party since they have announced they only support irreligious ideals?
You are so kind and so right. As a cis-hey Christian woman, May I just affirm that being gay (or bi, lesbian, trans, etc.) is not a result of fallenness and acting on those God-given desires is not a sin because they are God-given as part of God’s variety of creation.
Fighting against evil is Jihad, you Indians don't have any sense you are blind in faith and approach. You are far from humanity. What was Mohatama Gandhi was crime humanity or terrorism ? These terrorists today are your Leaders correct yourself before its too late.
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ The religion of Islam is built on apartheid and ethnic cleansing.
@halalcunty @biebervalue @liamxkiwi @greenlinerzjm @halalflaws I know that your husband can beat you there and there is nothing you can do.
Abhe gadhe shia bhi Muslim's bhote h , doudi bora bhi Muslim's hote h , bangladesh m 30 laks Muslim's mare gae the , being a hindu I'm raising voice in favour of them but I never see you people why this selectivism idiot
First abolish & ban Wahabi theories of Jihad. That was single biggest sin made by Saudis against humanity, branding Muslims as Terrorists ! It's your creation unfortunately. Pl correct it. It's not too late.
My. Sharpton why do you call yourself a Reverend? I’m a Christian woman and I have never seen any of our Priest incite violence. You do know that’s what you do right? Your an instigator! Rebel rouser! Trouble maker!
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost The Jews are trying to defend themselves against Muslims trying to exterminate them. http://t.co/CQZS0zo0Li
What about the grief and pain caused by Muslim grooming gangs that you refused to prosecute because of "sensitivities"? What about the pain caused to families of young girls? You, Starmer, are like all MPs, fucking gutless wonders!! Lammy, you're an idiot!!
I am salafi. 16yrs I taken ilm from Spubs. Don't embarrass yourself! You can't hide behind the deen like you have done for all these years. Since when was your Muslim brother an idiot? Have some shame or are you shameless?
You got a pandering virtue-signaling idiot in your country. Feed him to the Muslims when the time comes.
Hey Bitch for your kind information We the worshipper didn't killed that Elephant. The killer was not worshipper they are Muslims so don't try to play your dirty boliwoodiya Game here. And one more thing "Fuck you idiot". #Elephant #humanityisdead
The question with abortion being right or wrong isn’t about who’s side your on it’s about who you serve. As a Christian woman, I serve the Creator. The giver of life and death. The one who says that my body is His temple and it’s my responsibility to care and protect it.
How could you possibly equate the industrial scale of gang raped children to a 15 year old muslim who exposed herself to Isis propaganda (HOW?) and chose to revoke her citizenship by joining the (failed) Islamic STATE? You must be a complete idiot or a psychopath...Perhaps both?
Then Terrorist of ISIS also Quote from Quran, that is also fine. Moron stop defending bigotry.
Pauline Hanson ~Wants to kick out Asians and Muslims ~Denies coral bleaching by going to south end of GBR no problem ~Accepts donation from US Gun Lobby to weaken our Aus gun laws ~Force QLD Gov to open border during pandemic @smh Why are you giving this idiot a platform?
Pakistan do jihad to serve humanity by sending proxy terrorist like kasab to Mumbai lol our Doctors are million time great than Pak jihadist
It isn't anti muslim you idiot. The same law which existed since 2000 is applicable to every citizen of india. https://www.livelaw.in/news-updates/allahabad-hc-allows-recital-of-azan-by-muezzin-from-minarets-of-mosques-amid-lockdown-use-of-microphones-prohibited-read-judgment-156798 Read it. Educate yourself
Request you to plz go through all of my tweets. Plz don’t act like RG. To summarise, law is n should b same of all n ppl violating same should b penalised irrespective of case race religion. Do u agree that Islamic terrorism is wrong n should nt b thr.
List of Most Wanted Terrorists #Terrorists #Jihad #Islam
Today's front page of the New York Times. A full on assault on YouTubers. Story claims videos are "radicalizing people" on the right. Their evidence...the guy featured in the story started dating a Christian woman and supported traditional gender roles. oh no!!!!!!!!
hey hun. so instead of just calling mads an idiot why don’t you try to explain where the fuck your coming from. wanting to get revenge after so many people died is normal. never once did he say “i wanted to get back at muslims”. i urge you to learn more about him. thank you!
@DianH4 @rogue_allah There you go. You just showed why Islam is a vile and inhuman religion.
You're right you shouldn't. I'm ready to record biggoted attacks. Lots of Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus in my neighborhood and a very small majority of whites that feel that makes them "dangerous". I love being on the Sky train, such diversity. There's ignorant idiots around.
(First You're An Idiot, Then You're a Republican) Kris Kobach: Wizard of Crosscheck, Border Wall, Muslim Ban &amp; More... -
3/3 and a lot of things like, "him saying X to Y *could* cause A or B bad thing to happen! The only thing they can solidly point to that he has done badly was the trade/tariff wars with China, and *maybe* the travel ban, which again was only a "Muslim" ban if you're an idiot.
Whr is ur nautanki card madam?? Let's have this from u.. tell the world that u r ashamed of islamic terrorism..
Not one of 56 Muslims countries are secular Mr. Owaisi you may be literate but no less than a idiot. We're Hindus we're naturally secular We gave refuge to Paigambar's family when some Muslims were after their life We gave land 4 1st Mosque outside Arabia @asadowaisi #Murkh
You people picked up a small incident happened somewhere or may not be happened and create the propaganda in the name of Hindu Muslim and the irony is that many of the idiots do watch. Do some real journalism
Your loss you idiot. Dominic did nothing compered with the Muslim community in my town for the month of Ramadan you would not have thought there was a lockdown. Nobody report’s about that happening in most towns do they.
I swear some people who support Trump are legit brainwashed on the other side. No wonder they can convince Christian conservatives to kill Christians in the Middle East &amp; fund radical Islam. They sneak you &amp; you eat it up. Some of you are really that easy to manipulate.
U shud understand dat nobody wants 2 stay wit human killers lyk d Jihadist. Islamic Terrorism, Fulani herdsmen, almajiri system, girl child marriage, poverty n illiteracy has made Northern Nig so despicable dat wen d time 4 division comes even d middle belt n Yoruba will leave u
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost Islam is a pile of hatred, murder, bigotry, sexism.  Islam is filth that has divided and destroyed mankind.
Terrorists has no religion and no humanity ...there are some people with evil mind and they should be punished...Islam says jihad with our evil deeds, which literally mean struggling orstriving specially with a praiseworthy aim.
Muslim suicide bomber- You can’t blame all Muslims BLM protesters loot shops- You can’t blame BLM it’s a tiny minority. Few Idiot Liverpool fans act like knobs- All Liverpool fans are scum always the victims #liverpoolfans
I hate you. You are Muslim but you are wearing porn girl dress. Go to hell bloody idiot.
@anjemchoudary Your prophet was a rapist, murderer, pedophile, caravan robber, slave trader, bigot and sexist. God would never use the scum.
Please my good caucasian sir, tell me more about how being denied access to your summer home is a "violation of your human rights". I, a bi-racial pansexual Christian woman, will listen to your tail of injustice!!!
@Kaya786 @fai3an_H In the Quran Islam declared war on all mankind 1400 years ago. It is time for humanity to return the favor.
Shameful really....you are defending ordinary muslims oppressed in many countries and expose crimes against them and these UAE idiots consider that sympathy with Alqaeda...same narrative used by far right groups..
That's why u didnt yet went therw still sitting here and probing others holy shit u didnt get opportunity because u r communal virus so u r thinking he will not get The Rasict and Radical Islamic terrorism
Hahahaha you idiot when I said Iraq is non Muslim country . I was talking about the particular group who don't have anything to do with Islam but disguise as Muslim and ,are being paid by America and Israel.
There you go telling other people what to do. Again. No wonder it hurts your feelings when the Muslims don't listen to you LOL. AND again you bore us with your idiot pointless whining. Who told you the blue masjid is empty and no one uses it? And so what? It's ours, suck it up
Why do we act like Muslim men are animals or something? You can lower your gaze you idiot. You can take responsibility for how you interact with women. You can choose not to assault someone. Muslim men are not big babies or something these are grown men please have some shame
LTTE was terrorist organisation no doubt about that. But u was comparing them Islamic terrorism. And don’t just throw me a random article from random websites. Doesn’t matter how hard u try. We all know the truth of death and destruction Islamics has brought upon this world.
If you be proud Muslim, you no go take offense in being called "Alhaja"... Being called "Alhaja" na sign of Respect. But this woke idiots go make young gals feel otherwise. No matter how agbero take mad reach, if him see person wey wear hijab, e go talk to her with respect.
@mcuban Dear Mark. YOU are an idiot!!! Saying President should “shut up “. HE is President. He is honest with Americans!!! He should talk all he wants!! Unlike That Muslim communist Obama!!! Lying through his teeth all the time!!
COVID19 is all right to kill us &amp; our children!!! This pro-life deal with Trump &amp; he his minions is about controlling people. What goes on between a woman &amp; her body is between her &amp; God nobody else’s. This is coming from a Christian woman! Trump clean up your house first
You have no right to talk about protecting our elections. You lied and cheated in 2016 and then played the astonished woman stating how offended u were “as a Christian woman” no wonder people think Christians are hypocrites!
This is the radical Muslim humanity for you! These Jihadists yell #BlackLivesMatter in the west but rape boys of their opponents at home. Never trust a Muslim or a #Palestinian. Always fact-check what they say. They are master of fooling western idiots!
Hindutva politics in India. Even many of their associations have been raising money to support radical Hindu organizations to wage violence against religious minorities, including Muslims, Christians and Sikhs. #Kartarpur2Khalistan2020 @iamsunnydeol @BintEHawwa911
i know more about Islam than you can even think of i was once a idiot Muslim i live in a country which is corrupted by by Islamic government so i know you all are sick people and killer
I'm sorry, these "Christians" seem to forget that Jesus was Jewish his deeds which were Inclusive. I myself am working through the Qur'an (finally found a translation) in order to learn more about the Muslim faith. We're not all idiots or intolerant. I am proud to "know" you!
@dankmtl After chasing them all out of Medina he went to the Jewish oasis of Khybar and slaughtered most of the Jews there.
@AskAnshul why USCIRF is biased and blindfolded by the Islamic terrorism?, what right they have to interfere with national security by supporting traitors?
So true but don't forget, obama was a radical muslim terrorist. His whole agenda was to support the Muslim Terrorist. Why you think he could never say the words Radical Muslim Terrorist. Born again Christian Muslims know this better then any American.
True Islam is what the Muslims of Pakistan and ISIS are doing, The Quran only orders the killing of Kafirs, Even in India, Shaheen Bagh has become a hub of terrorist activities, #ShaheenBagh #शाहीनबाग़
Ok . British gave punjabis muslim Thier share as Pakistan. You want as go let share my own land . This is the right one . Think useless idiot. Who the he'll are you people to say go to Pakistan. Ok I go Pakistan you are hindu that means you go to Nepal the hindu nation .ma ka
@ameedjadallah I read the entire Quran.  Islam is what is wrong.
Fraudla White is a radical, idiotic, religious fraud. She &amp; Chump the Deplorable, had a "thing" a couple of years back. Hush..hush. Fraudla is not a Christian. Chump the Antichrist supporters aren't Christians. Proof? It's a fact that, Christ would NEVER support Trump.
BUT EVEN IF IM CHRISTIAN WOMAN..... IM STILL HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO GET ANGRY.... AND TO FIGHT FOR THE TRUTHS... AND TO BLOCK ALL OF THEM WHO DISRESPECTING ME AND MY WORDS I POSTED!!!! OR LIKING THE ASSHOLES POSTS WHO HAD CRITISISED MY POSTS OR TWEETS!!!
You can’t take people from the far right to the far left this fast it will break no doubt, people are still getting used to a Christian woman as a leader
Don't have 5% knowledge of your own religion and boast of having 100% knowledge of Islam. Google 'Converts to Islam in Europe and America' & you will understand where you idiots are. There are 2 billion Muslims in all corners of the globe not just in India, Pakistan or S Arabia.
So? Michelle Obama is a strong Christian woman, and she believes in science. Several strong Christian women are in space right now, and they believe in science.
“If you have a problem with slavery, go to a land without slavery” - An idiot in 1860 As a Muslim, haram is haram no matter where you are. Prostitution is already illegal in 49 states and you still support it.
U better don't spread hatred here wherever it was in 1990 cuz u r in lining in a confusion that Hindus was persecuted but it was Muslims who. Was persecuted all time by bloody Hindus and idiots people like you always support them
RT @WalidShoebat: Muslim BIGOT wanted by INTERPOL and protected by U.S. Ally wants UN to Criminalize Criticism of Islam Internationally htt…
Yea and I understand that, but not in ANY way do I think Muslims practice evil like some people show. There is radical Muslims, and there are radical Christians. That’s when morals come into play. I support any peaceful religious beliefs. People need something as a support system
Hi literate idiot as far as i know muslim can be president or PM of india according to my 5th class pol science. Say anything wrong about kalam saab i would like to personally spit on you face.
This issue actually came up in my church on Sunday a Christian woman asked if she cud leave her husband who was an unbeliever u must be right
Right! Your money but we know you tryna save face in front of your “Christian woman”
And over thousands by whites but okay Literally 90%+ of terrorism are committed by white supremacists who are also extreme Christian *gasp* but ignorant idiots like you think it’s Muslims bc of how much media publicises it. You poor brainwashed thing
It’s #TransDayOfVisibility ! This Cis Christian woman says Trans Rights, and is also adopting if you need a cool new twitter Grandma.
Ive seen it in for myself, the destruction it causes cannot be understated. And while you may well be a decent, honest person, many people arent. Its literally becoming a get out of jail free card. Black, muslim, gay, trans, even disabled, scores of people use this as a weapon
Why not use Islamic terrorism when u are using saffron terrorism and hindutva.
This is what happened yesterday! Germany police raided some shia mosques, with their boots and dogs. Disrespect the Quran and duas books for pleased their master US and Israhell. #Hezbollah are those who fight against Isis and terrorist groups in Syria, and defending minorities!
Why are you bringing Kashmir and Muslims here,How much amount you are getting from Pakistan and ISI for spreading false propaganda,Idiot do you don't think Pakistan is terrorist state
You’re not a true Muslim..idiot, is better to tell a world you’re a hypocrite and Fear Allah
You idiot! Western slavery was started by the Muslims in Africa! They were sold to the Arabs by their “own” tribal chieftains!
Wil u accept if someone say Islamic terrorism has no relation with Islam?Ur logic is like that. How is brahmanism not about Brahmins.If it is so,y do u use their name for that regressive philosophy?In theory u say brahminism includes all caste,but in practice u atack only 1 caste
Kaba was masjid occupied by idiots now many Muslims countries have mandir even Arungzeb and many Mughals in Islamic govt built mandirs so Pakistani constitution allows regardless of population why don’t you respect your own constitution?
Idiots like you are responsible for the lynching of 148 Muslims last year in India. These Hindutva goons are killing Muslims and creating fake stories of their kindness so that Muslims in other areas could not ward themselves against BJP goons. Wake up man, before it's too late.
5/5 of those Christian Woman Lecturers look like Dudes, but that would be just stupid, right?
Why the hell muslims are so hell bent upon demeaning themselves ? Then they complain that Hindus call them jihadis fanatics etc ...when you’re own ppl do namaz on the roads &amp; other public places, obstruct every other activity, why these idiots gag their mouth ?
I cited reliable Christian human rights NGOs in my dispatch. Professional journalists follow up on any new leads. Are you playing down the horrific murder of a 60-year-old Christian woman? cc: @EliotHiggins
RT @sudixitca: Some people work very hard to make this world a better place, while others work very hard to book a drink and sex party in t…
Evidence & Proof : Zero (0) Rhetorics: Fifty (50) In a nutshell, this is what you are. And of reading Qur'an. Don't try to teach MUSLIMs their religion, in all such attempts you present yourselves a part of batch of greatest idiots in the world. We know hw to read. https://twitter.com/IndianExMuslim/status/1280934928763334656
I'm very concerned about people saying "MashaAllah" to "Muslims" who go against Islam teachings.. no it's not what Allah wants you idiot
@ingyusarms Earthly tyrants want to be feared because for them fear is control and obedience.  The writer of the Quran was unsophisticated.
@NNdabbour64 You have to be an idiot to think that you can follow an ideology of murder, imperialism, hatred and have people like you for it
BLM is not a political party. Many people liked Obama as a person. I even like him as a person. His political policies are awful. Did I say he was a Republican? I said he was a Conservative Christian. He would not support your radical BS.
Love for others is not a radical Liberal idea. It is Christian. Greed is not. I pray that people in all states see this and vote for the compassion, peace, and love embraced by the Biden team. A true Christian cannot support ideals that you use to divide our nation. #Biden2020
@ummayman90 Exactly.  #Isam is a cult of death centered around the idea of going to a heaven that is described to be a giant whore house.
@ameytahl @Sam_Schulman @mathof1 I hear all kinds of people say that Jews control the agenda and the media.
And! She’s back on with Fox and Friends right now. She claims to be “a good Christian woman!”
Mohammad , Agia Sofia is not a Muslim monument you idiot!
@JohnMannMP @JoRitson Muslims have been raping white girls with Labor's approval for 16 years. Any ukip just got there.
@rayyoosheh I call that one thousands of the number of people Muslims murder every day.
I'll bet the Muslim church would fire you too. Why don't you go there and apply. Idiot
Hi idiot, Nazi's used 'Swastik' type symbol too, should Hindu's boycott that too? It's our holiest symbol, you will see it across India. Terrorists say Allahu-akbar, should Muslims boycott that? What are you trying to say? Don't want to see anything beyond your hatred?
#Owaisi Just One Word For You IDIOT TERRORIST HAI YE AND ALWAYS TRYING TO DIVIDE HINDU AND MUSLIMS
@RaniaKhalek @MaxBlumenthal @NickKristof Good. By marching on Israeli checkpoint the women were obviously trying to create a confrontation.
Yes my dear friend u r right ,is whole society jihadist? Islam never teaches to kill fellow humans , these Al Qa'ida group who tried to communalised the indian muslims by asking them to wage jihad is just radical islamic terrorism which is present across countries &amp; continents
Illiteracy on its peak... The petrol, diesel you use in your vehicle is bought from Muslim countries, are you idiots ready to boycott using oil ?
These extremists hired teenage girls to chop ppl's heads off at train stations. Are u gonna naively believe they were innocent oppressed group of ppl whose actions have nothing to do with Islamic terrorism but nationalism? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Kunming_attack
One of my best ever compliments. I forgot to set my timer one day and as the children waited for results, I said, "Oh, I'm an idiot." Then a lovely 5 year-old Muslim girl looked at me, very seriously and said, "You're not an idiot." Touched my heart.
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Mohammed was a murderer who had people killed for disagreeing with him.
Muslim Abuses are VERY RECENT - especially ISIS, among MANY, MANY, MANY Terrorist Incidents still occurring ""TODAY"" -&gt; because Muhammad/Quran/ISLAM has Driven Some Followers VIOLENTLY INSANE. Islam have VERY, VERY SERIOUS Problems. Slavery? WHOA! -&gt;
You're holding a grudge over something that has happened before your time and your Hindu nationalist leader Modi is enabling idiots like you to be hateful towards Muslims. Really really are an embarrassing bunch
You dumb idiots, Why would Muslims who don't believe lord sri ram would visit ram mandir. Only people who have faith would enter. Why should we ban people who loves to visit ram mandir. Even lord sri ram would not consider it as fair. #BanNonHindusInJanmbhumi
I guess I should just accept I worked hard but im not allowed to be an actor because my career belongs to a black christian woman chosen by Jason George right @shondarhimes I should go to AZ &amp; blow my head off with my father's gun. Chiristians of U of VA own my life.
Hindu Muslim Bhai Bhai..... Only in India... Nowhere else you Idiots.....
@BhausahebAjabe Bhai ye log....oh ho...ye to MUDLIM he MUSLIM ko idiots ka treatment De rahe hain....case kardo...jaldi se....plzzzz....Secularism khatre mein hai... Oh....advise chahiye...how ro file case against a MUSLIM Please contact @ShefVaidya she can give you some sense
@m_altayer @realDonaldTrump Stupid Saudi isis fanboy! No wonder all of you idiots were cheering for the strike- nowâ¦ https://t.co/1GzUudP4Na
@azmoderate @JoeWSJ Again, you talk like an idiot.  I have no religion and what you say changes nothing about Muslims being extremists.
Marco, have a word with yourself. In what way can you even begin to describe Jesus as anything other than a radical liberal? Liberals are now decried...for being like Christ...while conservatives support non Christian policy? What are you even “conserving” anymore?
What kind of drug are you on?? Your INSECURITY abroad needs psychological treatment and not DUMB editorials. Seditious:- "Many are raising money to support radical Hindu organizations to wage violence against religious minorities, including Muslims, Christians and Sikhs"
ooo u know everything...okay than u must know very well that the whole world is suffering from islamic terrorism....whole world hates muslims okay...and remember it that only muslims are responsible for this..
#sudhirchaudhry you said whole Pakistanis will die corona ki maut? Where was the humanity when you made a show of ten kinds of jihad? #ZeeWarriors #ZeeNewsSealKaro Do you think every pakistani is a terrorist? And no normal person is there? Stop crying for humanity.
Where is National treasury? You're an idiot, Amalgamation of 1914 was an idea to help Almajiri Muslim poverty thicking region.
@HURIWA_NIGERIA thanks give voice voiceless helpless Christians persecuted by Jihadists Terrorists Fulani and @MBuhari @GovKaduna in religious cleanising endorsing Jihad? You can not kill 100 millions NG Christians @IntlCrimCourt 4 crimes against Humanity is your end We promised
Lol, you idiots don't realize how racist you sound when you chant Black Lives Matter #AllLivesMatter Muslim Civil Rights? Are you fucking kidding me? What's the goal here? Liberals clearly aim to capitalize on this election year.
We want #Democracy #Humanity #Peaceful #Happy #Prosperity #Tolerant Society But #Terrorist are killing us for #Jihad #Sharia #Brussels #EU
@discerningmumin No minorities of any kind are left in Saudi and several other gulf states, having been exterminated by Muslims.
Shafiq #Humanity is first #religion and #Kashmir natives are safe in #India Action required only against #Terrorists like #Pakistan also acts agt #Taliban Jihad in name of #Religion caused #Hunger #Suffering in #Syria #Yemen #Afghanistan #Iraq #Iran #Libya #Somalia
This verse came in after the PAGANS violated the peace treaty. A treaty that was signed to end war. The Verse is an order for retaliation because the PAGANS attacked and butchered an ally Muslim tribe and broke the peace treaty. Primarily, this is not for you IDIOT.
@tti1947 The Sahara and the Arabian peninsula are different places, microbrain.
Abe chutiye, there is also written in the Quran, if you kill one person, it's mean you kill all humanity, and if you save one person, it's mean you save all humanity, so ISIS or any terrorist organization never learnt or follow this book, this book only show the right way to alah
@niall_cullen @Damhan97 @AC360 How can they be sound when 1/3 of them think people leaving Islam should be murdered? http://t.co/HQCuP3Qdke
Why not #Hindu_LIVES_MATTER? Why are u biased? What about the several lakhs of people murdered by the Islamic Terrorism in India? Don't those lives matter?
@cnni Nope.  With #democracy man makes all the laws by vote; with #Islam, Allah makes all the laws by the sword.  The two cannot coexist.
Which idiot told you about oppression of Muslims in #Kashmir. Get your facts right.
@DorvalTony @brassidio If rape, murder, pedophelia, bigotry, war, sexism, and genocide are just and peaceful, the Islam is just and peaceful
Ok I understand where you’re coming from but as an ally when I see something that I feel is racist, homophobic, transphobic,etc it is upsetting and even though I’m a straight white Christian woman I feel the need to stand up for what’s right.
Since a very long time, BJP is ruling Gujarat..There are so many muslims in Gujarat. Do you think they’re voting by their religions? Everything was good in gujarat until @vijayrupanibjp came as a CM.. he is an idiot. Behaves like Illiterate and his thought process is nonsense
Jimmy Carter is a real Christian. Believe in separation of church and state support women leaders in church pro lgbt I believe too. Teaches Sunday School. He got more radical the older he got
#BlackLivesMatter!!! except... the vast majority killed by other blacks. only the ~15 blacks per year shot unarmed by police matter! you know, except the justified ones of those. which leaves like... 5? maybe 10 if lucky. 10 #BlackLivesMatter! idiots.
I wish you idiots would check your facts he didn't close Guantanamo Bay and he was not a Muslim A name does not tell you really are Trump name is German is he a nazi
Muslims themselves are the biggest enemies of ISLAM, No Jew No Hindu No Non-Muslim is a threat to ISLAM so stop being Hypocrite you bloody Idiots, #StopTargetingMuslim this [HASHTAG TREND] is Sheer Nonsense, Muslims are targeting Muslims everywhere, that's a fact!
@RudawEnglish Religion at gunpoint and allegiance at gun point.
@discerningmumin The Muslims also invaded India and murdered 80 million Hindus. They virtually exterminated all Buddhist on in India.
I knew this oughtto come a madarsa educated jehadi. Past chhodo. Aaj ke din ki baat karo. How many of these rss 'terrorists' are active in kashmir or in pakistan(where u shud have been today), or in Nice, or Spain, or London? Islamic terrorism is global, can u deny?
As I'm Muslim I'm gonna tell u something maybe you won't believe it or not Iran isn't a Muslim country and maybe they pretend and trying to convince people they do Muslims , if these idiots read the Qur'an for 1 time in there lives they would regret about what they are doing.
In her own words, Kayleigh McEnany is a good Christian woman who takes pride in always doing the right thing and living by her principles. Really makes you wonder what kind of church SHE attends...
Whether you like The Trumps or not is your business. But that doesnt give you the right to speak unkindly and pass judgment on them or me. That's God's job. And yes Christian woman and Trump gal do go together. If you did some research you would find that the Trumps are religious
@IlhanMN @Ilhan you truly are an idiot anybody that has half a brain knows that care was not founded after 9/11 and some people that did some things were low down dirty Muslim extremist that hate the United States of America.
Quran and Sahi hadith forbids killing of innocent. We have strict islamic punishments. Jihad is a war of defence. You know ISIS have killed many muslims. These terrorists have no religion but money.
You will lose a lot on these pictures because the Arabs are Muslims, they will cancel their followers, you idiots
Thats what whole world know that Pakistan is nothing but a terrorist state just call the war against humanity instead of Proxy war we teach you lesson of Jihad &amp; will send you to Dojhakh surely
Honestly the way Luke acted wasn’t ok during the show, however, he is completely right on calling out hannah for sleeping with the other guys, because a real Christian woman wouldn’t have slept with those guys and then have the audacity to brag about it...
she’s right, as a born again Christian woman I too must agree that electing the Donald is what Jesus Christ our lord of the rings and savior would want me to do. Jesus votes through me
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 So now you admit that the Quran sanctifies sexual slavery and try to change the subject.
@PhilipMills8 @PsychBarakat @jncatron Palestinians don't deserve any more dignity and peace than they are willing to give. And that is zero.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Every day we see that Muslims hate freedom, democracy, justice. http://t.co/tDgsfthA4h
Lol okay Ishmael lol I think you’re getting confused with the Muslim religion. I’m an Arab does that make me a Muslim? Lol idiots Keep tonight shabbath let me see how real of a Jew you are
@obsurfer84 But the truth is that Mohammed followers were worthless starving thugs that produced nothing and so wanted the riches of Khybar.
@Dr_Jreid But Islam is proud of their slavery, imperialism, and genocide against minorities. The are murdering Kurds in Iran now.
your the one comparing them, just because they havent done anything in a while doesnt mean there arent still kkk members that exist, and kkk meetings that STILL happen. The problem with you is that you put every muslim at fault for actions that just a few idiots have commited
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Mohammed was a sexist who abused women. ISIS are all sexists and abuse women.
Too all of you stupid idiots who flood #SupportAntiTerrorBill with fancams really don't know how the bill will help in securing this country. Threats like Muslim Terror Groups and the CPP-NPA are taking advantage of this country's status and we can't have that.
Please check yourself and yours and speak against your own family members then when you will speak for these idiots we will support but you guys are blind religious believers for you religion is first and then if they are muslims then they are humans
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ Any idiot would know that the expelling of Palestinians would not change the ratio of Christians to Muslims.
I gave this much examples for rss terrorism. Still u support them. That's the difference. Terrorists are there among muslims too. But they never supported them. Muslims hate islamic terrorism more than people like u can that destroys themselves. But u support your terrorists.
Oh you're right, I forgot the bit about the Geneva Conventions that said "except for when the person was super bad u guize then u can do whatevs lulz" As @JasCowen said, this screams "WHY WON'T OBAMA SAY RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM????"
Baloch , Fata not in suppression? Joke in Pak history. No terrorist in Pak. Azhar, hafeez lot others not terrorists, joke on humanity. Leaders amass wealth, settle kids abroad, look for permanent visa abroad, instigate jihad in others (keep self safe) joke on comman Pakistanis.
@IAmThe1Teacher Tell it to the Islamofascists.
As a Christian and someone who is married to a South Korean Christian woman and with many South Korean Christian friends and family members, I think this will have short term impact and slight long term impact. I hope the church learns some right lessons from this (in US &amp; ROK).
@tintinenameriq @MaxBlumenthal @Campagnebds Shows how stupid you've become. Only Muslim terrorists actually attack talks.
Waiting for ur story to give cover to HM top commander, Riyaz Naikoo. U may potray him as innocent teacher who took to Islamic Terrorism due to the atrocities committed by Kashmiri Pandits
https://www-dailymail-co-uk.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8390201/amp/Pictured-Suspect-20-stabbed-cop-anti-looting-watch-neck-Brooklyn.html?amp_js_v=a3&amp;amp_gsa=1&amp;usqp=mq331AQFKAGwASA%3D#aoh=15915270850421&amp;referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp;amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&amp;ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailymail.co.uk%2Fnews%2Farticle-8390201%2FPictured-Suspect-20-stabbed-cop-anti-looting-watch-neck-Brooklyn.html [Islamic terrorism: MO-knife jihad attack on NYPD officer as jihadi hollers Allah-u-akbar, gave allegiance to Allah]
the world misuse the word jihadis to defame islam.jihad is always fought against enemies of humanity.terrorists can never be jihadis.
Not sure what you’re implying. I’m not a “leftist.” I’m a conservative Christian woman that wasn’t put on this earth to condemn others or their misfortune and cast stones. It has nothing to do with saving lives and EVERYTHING to do with stripping rights from women.
What you did to public mandate? Idiot You don't know what you have done! Mark my words... 1) You will loose all seats, 2) Muslims will beat you on streets and hindus will enjoy by clapping and shouting!
Ironic, because Pence is part of a radical, white supremacist organization (the president and his administration) which has full support from the KKK and countless white supremacists who call themselves Christian.
@akh_fuaadh @ToAllahWeReturn Manipulative and threatening BS.  Proving that people have to be intimidated into following the god of terror.
You idiot and your congress party is scared of Muslims and Christians so you will not ask for their land. It is all about vote bank. You had to have help to answer questions @anjanaomkashyap show. Shame.
I am Muslim as well. I know what's happening in Palestine. He is not Zionist. Educate yourself idiots like you who believe anything are the problem...
Good bye..man or woman..whoever u r...but we will destroy radical Islamic terrorism....
@jihadi_11 @Shami_IS_back When the filthy Daesh set off IEDs in Baghdad, they don't care if none of the victims are armed.You're a hypocrite
Yes....its the real history which u cant find in your madrassa Islamic terrorism education....
To you Jihadis may sound as Islamists or Terrorists but to Muslims Jihad is their duty. Hindus better understand n teach their children, what good is Islam whose God, punishes his own humanity for not accepting his dictatorship, what good is Christianity that sends to hell.
Zalimun ne Rasul Allah SAW ko nahin bakhsha to ye to kuch bhi nahin Faraz Bhai. These are bunch of idiots with their narrow thinking full of hatred. I am sure you are loved by many and will always be ..Being a muslim I am proud of you
Religious texts are interpreted differently by different people and that's a key point, just like you've clearly tried to hide the fact about vhp goons by saying they're not quoting geeta similarly Muslims are also saying that the quran that those terrorists are quoting ...
@depressedfuck1 @CompoundMixture @CruisingBye @SuperiorMenArmy In know more about the religion than you. And it is pure evil.
Listen gay ke bachi I'm an Afghan Muslim and I stand with my Indian Muslim brothers Your modi is brainless also manliness please go and check him Indian brothers never give up keep fighting with these idiots We are Afghan here to help you inshallah
Idiot, I have many Muslims in my team &amp; are my friends so shove this bs up your...Also just Google Abdul Hamid. We love him and people like APJ Abdul Kalam who love India before their religion. And btw aren't you from the nation that killed lakhs of Muslims in Bangladesh
My mother, a Christian woman, with 7 children believes abortion is a right so that says a lot- men just like to police woman &amp; we all know the ppl who are getting abortions are disenfranchised and will only continue the cycle of being poor if they care forced to have a child
of an unknown future, worried sick about children and met w/ skepticism & condemnation can be the last straw. For every abused Christian woman who dies by suicide, we can be thankful she didn't divorce! Church world is absurdly crazy making right now! Read De Beker's book! It
@truaemusic The great left lie is that it's just a handful of extremists. http://t.co/kU63X9E4eQ
@MrAlMubarak Yes, they tried to murder their way to heaven.  A total idiot would believe in such an Allah.
Your really ignorant..you are part of very small extremist mainly muslim group MOST true Oromo ppl don’t support you!! You idiots are mostly in Mn..you saw what happened in DC don’t say that shit in Dallas or La! We ride fo Eritrea&amp; Ethiopia forever!
And I can say things as a young Christian woman, who is absolutely impartial on the matter, who has devoted the last 6 years of her life to getting an education in international law and human rights, who grew up in Europe and has lived in both US and Israel!
RT @BanningTheBurka: Are we going to continue seeing the oppression of women or are we going to make a stand? #BanTheBurka http://t.co/hZDx…
U guys always support terrorist... Islamic terrorism
'Boots' parent firm Walgreens 'gets record buyout offer' That is in today's news, do you recall anybody (journo or otherwise) discussing the deal before it was announced? Or is it more likely it was announced once the details had been ironed out and the bidder wants support?
Lol...OMG muslims ko aur koi kaam dhandha hi nahi hai jaise...what bullshit....tarek Fateh is an idiot... obviously you'd like him coz he speaks your language...
it was about muslims you abs idiot CAN YOU READ????
i gotta say, as a christian woman I don’t think we’re going about it the right way. I get it, protect the lives of the unborn babies (pls don’t tell me when life begins im not here to talk about that) &amp; im not for abortions..but taking away a woman’s choice is not the right way
Muslims fighting for a Christian woman’s right just showcases their values and nothing more. Your comments represents your religious sentiments...
Your ties to radical Islamic terrorist organizations and support for any and all groups radicalized against Christian values and our constitution says it all
Yes if its really matter for you thn please stop killing any animals no matter what it is cow, goat or buffailo.2 rs idiot people trend this near eid. in reality the rate of having meat by hindus in india is much higher then muslims.Stop your own people first. #BakraLivesMatter
Your biggest problem is, for you every Hindu is RSS and every Muslim is a jamatie. I'm not an idiot to compete with you on showing the evidences of rapists belongs to this or that community.They exists in every community.
Islam says what muslims says...dont try to fool people...non muslims r kafirs quran says...who gave the right to say kafir to non muslims? Islam producing criminals n terrorist like isis..isis beheaded people acording to quran..
1. you are a muslim? who knew 2. number 1 shouldn't matter 3. those family clusters are morons. Not cause of religion or race but because they are morons. 4. Could happen anywhere especially with those idiots who think they are bullet proof. Stay strong!
You people are pure idiots. Chinese will not even allow to be muslims and will treat like iugurs
I'll say it. Most likely radical Muslims who hate Christians, Western Ideology, and women who are free. And the UK won't do a damn thing because you guys have the same problem the US has. over 50% of you are idiots. Thank god we have an electoral college.
The GOP, always behind in the numbers, made a pact with white supremacists, loony Christians, radical pro-lifers, nutso libertarians and other extremists in order to be able to claim wide support. Now those chickens are coming home to roost.
If you stood against #ISIS then you should have rejected the Quran. All they did was according to Quran &amp; they still operate in Arab countries and among Muslims. Saudi &amp; Qatar provided fund for them. Your claim is bogus you are a terrorist supporter
Amazing that is just fine to label the Irish as racists because of the actions of a few idiots, but if you label muslims something because of the action of a few terrorists its Racism
OK nice and why wouldn’t u blame christians? Bc they ur cousins But Islam you taught in media they are terrorist not chicken out about if is true or not .. do you think as muslim if I find u I will kill nigga stop being idiot
ISIS and wahabism is not the same. ISIS is a exeptionally extreme and crule group of terrorists. Wahabists of what I know just think that all or most of what the quran says is true and no questions should be made, that is what I heard. So some that asked to much had to flee.
Is extremely unhappy with embarrassment caused to his religion by ISIS the way they misconstrue the Quran. Being new to the country I've let him know that American Muslims have taken much too long to condemn the actions of terrorist that's our main problem with that faith.
@obsurfer84 They welcomed Islam with a sword at their throats. There was nothing kind about Islam. It was a religion designed for thugs.
@jncatron And the Muslims want to destroy Israel because they are racists, not because of the land, which is tiny. https://t.co/8cmfoOZwxz
Now THIS is something that North American Christians SHOULD support instead of Trump: ‘It’s a Miracle’: Helsinki’s Radical Solution to Homelessness - The Guardian - Pocket https://getpocket.com/explore/item/it-s-a-miracle-helsinki-s-radical-solution-to-homelessness?utm_source=twtrsynd&amp;utm_medium=social #PublicHousing #Finland #SocialHousing #Homelessness
Terrorism, jihad words came 4m pakistan 4m many many years &amp; India suffering even now. 98% of world terror organizations are from that only. This is accepted by all &amp; world is calling so. PM Modi told in 2014 that no good/bad terrorist.Terrorism is againt humanity,has no religion
Quran 47:4,5:17,5:73 When you meet those who misbelieve who say god is the messiah the son of Mary third of three,then striking off heads until massacre them, isn’t that what ISIS &amp; other terrorists did?cursing Christians is sunna as well
Hey idiots try being a gay muslim hope you have a head for heights
read the last line idiot list for muslim and quran...written by a muslim why not post original you guys just interpret anything and make fool of public and other followers but as this guy is saying you dont belive in democracy
Right... You preferred it when only a handful of people even had access to healthcare. You must want Medicare and ssn gone too. You must be such the good Christian woman.
İdiot...Fethiye kayaköy They went to Greece with the change of population. Shall we say the same thing for the Muslims you sent by the population exchange?
School tech jihad koran - be dead then world terrorist college http://goo.gl/WyNAZz *Triger missile save Jihad is humanity by media &amp; UN*
“Woke Christians” that are all too eager to jump on every PC bandwagon to support these radical culture movements and flood their social media with bible verses to back it up are the worst. Sorry but it’s true.
Palestine belongs to Muslims you idiot.
@roisin_morgan It can't be separate while those wishing to destroy Israel use it as a basis of their genocidal fanaticism.
Im saying its taken out of context because the people that the verse is directing too (people who torture muslims, not all non muslims) is unclear you idiot
I can see this idiot lying to her teeth, well now i understand the kind of Muslim, that you are to lie to people of other religion, so i am not surprise, because The 28th verse of the third sura (chapter) give that pardon to you, very sad
@realDonaldTrump Where are this Christian Woman’s rights?
@AAlwuhaib1977 @dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ And of course Christians all over the world are oppressed daily by Muslim bigotry.
Who said anyone of you cam judge another persons level of Muslim. Its actually pathetic to think you can decide who is and isn't muslim. Its that disgusting arrogant attitude that turns people away in the 1st place. Keep going, idiots.
Ok ok u r right naa so Pl tell about ISLAMIC TERRORISM/GAJBAA AEE HIND/ZEHAD, HV U GUTS TO SAY AGAINST ISLAMIC AATANKWAD ALL WORLD FACING THIS &amp; TELL MEE WHY ALL AATANKWADI ARE FROM 1 COMMUNITY HV U GUTS TO SAY AGAINST http://OBBASSI.PL.WAIT COMMON CIVIL CODE IS COMING WAIT
There arent any Muslim terrorist! isis and others are not Muslims..they decline orders of God written in Quran and Muslims have exonerate theirselves from them! Shitte and Sunnah,both had said that those terrorists are not Muslims!
Dont fuck the truth and humanity show the FACTS GROUND LEVEL FACTS CORONA JIHAD by terrorist jahil jamati is at peak bcoz of this jahil jamati ATANKWAADI they are killing innocent lives SPITTING SPREADING MASTURBATING in front of nurses URINATING
WRONG! I love Muslims but NOT radical Islam and suicide bombers. I don’t believe you support suicide bombers either do you? Let me hear you say you love Christians?
So According to u Hafeez Saeed is not a Terrorist? UN declared him as global Terrorist &amp; Tariq Jameel was seen with Hafeez Saeed in the past. It's clear that u people are against Humanity you just Support Radical Islamic Terrorism. Have some shame...
#FireBrazile “no 1st amendment right to lie?” Babbling-Racist-Hypocrite @donnabrazile gave Hills debate questions then LIED to @FoxNews behind “Im a Christian woman”? Then tells @GOP “go to hell”? B4 leading @TheFive rant w “Jesus Christ”? No white woman would get away her BS.
That’s your mentality, I wish your parents would have sent you to school, that’s the difference, you know what idiot? One day your kid will get killed by Muslim, Christian or may be by Hindu too cuz if he grew beard and mustaches people like u will kill him due to misconception.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Those Muslim states survived off the sweat of slaves and the intellect of minorities.
This is INTOLERANCE! To stop Muslim woman frm wearing Hijab is equivalent to stopping a Christian woman from going to church. Wearing hijab is mandatory in Islam. Wat is their crime if they choose to put on hijab? Or is their hijab not part the human rights u've been campaigning
For 40 yrs the religious right has used fear to rally white Christians for support of Republican power. This is the history that has brought us to where we are. We need a radical #RevolutionOfValues https://www.amazon.com/Revolution-Values-Reclaiming-Public-Common/dp/0830845933
Wow. I'm shook. A person can be an idiot, be racist or make mistakes. But no one deserves you wishing death on their loved ones or kids. This is disgusting behaviour. Idk wth is wrong with us as Muslims but don't move like this pls. It's not right. May Allah guide us man. Ameen
Brother let me Confirm u I swear by Allah, ISIS is a terrorist organization. Vo islam ko badnaam kar rahay hai.They r killing innocents n that's against islam. Read Quran u will b shocked Chap. : 5 Verse : 32 there is no religion better than islam
My interview with EBC Ato Tefera, in support of the Muslims in Amharah who lost their Mosques and over 375 business being burned and looted by the Radical Christians Terrorist, Pls follow the YouTube links below for your information! #Imam Sheikh Wazir
No but i afraid might be kafir name can kill me Islamist openly telling Muslims- ’ Wherever you find non-Muslims, kill them ’ Still many idiot non-Muslims are busy with ’Muslim Appeasement’
Humanity struggled for hundreds of years to rid itself of the blight of slavery.  Leave it to the filth of #Islam to bring it right back.
@Assiye61 I have three Qurans. And the only few peaceful verses were later abrogated by dozens of violent verses.
Mythology is not being taught in school. What type of idiot you are. This is few months back video . My only point is to push Muslim towards education. And educate muslim like you to teach your community people right and wrong. But you will not so sad. Hope you will
. Nope I'll explain in laymen terms. The acts ISIS and Islamists have done are ALWAYS backed up by Quran whether you agree with ISIS interpretation or not. It is not about YOU. It is about the terrorists and the outcome: Innocent people r dead and others TERRORIZED .
I said no such thing. I said her being Muslim had no bearing on why they took her head wrap. They do it to everyone. Doesn't matter what your religion. Don't want to have it taken off dont get arrested. Its not rocket science. But idiots like you really try to dig in. FAIL
FarRight Radical MAGADummies (Cherry Picking Christians)today represents another day you support the Five Time Draft Dodger,Far Right Radical trump who is a Disaster to our Country. You country hating fools know he’s guilty.The Wimp is Afraid to Face @JoeBiden so he has to cheat!
Not mincing words any more. ISIS are Muslim outfits. Don't they follow Islam? Read Quran? If Godse can be a Hindu, why can't these be Muslims? Like Godse doesn't make me an assassin, similarly ISIS doesn't make all Muslims terrorists. Please fight terrorism. Don't defend them.
Mashaallah You r Specialised in playing Al-Taqiya Jihad, Emotional-Victimhood-Jihad+ In Parallel, always conspiring Ethnic-Religious-Civil-War against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity by assisting Jihadi-Muslims-Terrorists conspiring for HINDU Genocides,Ethnic Cleansing
You idiot. TRUMP did not do that. And many of us loved that message from St. John's. At least Trump had the decency to go there. More than your precious Muslim ass kisser testicle deficient Obama would have done.
Yet you don’t see the Muslim countries opening up there countries for Africans idiot
So let me get this strait it’s the Republican Senators fault that two idiots tried to be cops? By this standard all muslims are responsible for 911. You need to wake up. Partisan politics are the biggest threat to the United States.
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 And the Hadiths are even more specific about approving sexual slavery.
@JameelJaffer @MaxBlumenthal Max's Palestinian Muslim friends throw an atheist blogger into prison for 10 months for his religious views.
Following the example of the pedophile prophet Mohammed in every detail, one ISIS militant is marrying a 7 year old child in Mosul. #Islam
Why did the Chinese government arrest these Chinese Muslims the answer is its because they’re Muslims. The book 1984 is happening in China and you idiots wanna trust coronavirus information from them.
If that is to be believed then Muslims must put in the work to help dismantle systemic radicalisation and terrorism as we the western world has metaphorical bombs in our schools and shopping centres. “Stop being a idiot Sid it’s a v small minority” I hear you say.... correct!!
I see all these Christian women talking to guys. Well I’m not talking to any Christian women on the phone since 6 months ago. I’m building my relationship with God even more. I’m waiting for the right Christian woman to come into my life. So I’m just going chill and relax.
What poisioning of river....Are these guys out of their mind? Are they doing some kind of Jihad? We cant tolerate it anymore. These guys are dange to humanity, we all have to take initiative to eradicate these terrorist.
Jihad-backed Islamic fundamentalist terrorists, why humanity is only for the Muslims of India , why not Syria with Yemen and Iraq?
Idiot, first of who takes guns or stones in hand he is not at all Muslim. Do you know that or you are also not a follower of Islam? Fake Islamists
Donald trump just talks out of his ass sometimes. Joe Biden is literally a moderate I don’t know what he is talking about... “radical left” another thing to all the evangelical Christians who support trump cuz he is “anti abortion” how are you ok with the fact he is unfaithful?
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Most of Mohammed's 17 military expeditions were offensive.
Muslims these days conducting shameful act with own blood i mean daughters just ask me for the proof i'll slap you down with it. It's check mate for you idiots.
Really Similar to Jihadi-Muslims who r CONSPIRING Ethnic-Religious-Cultural-Civil-War Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD+ against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity #AltNews is well decorated to assist Breaking-Bharat Forces with team of Media-Jihadis-Terrorists
@AbbsWinston @andyblueskyz Jews need to be trained to liberate Palestine of Muslims, who are the real cancer. http://t.co/1vBOSYV587
The left is attacking him because he just demonstrated the Love that Jesus Christ showed us. It just does not fit the narrative that Christians are bad. They would rather support Radical Islamists ! Their goal is to destroy this Country &amp; our Judeo Christian heritage !
@AtefehNaeemi @etsho127 @SumerSloan @AmirFarokhy Is their idea of fair and equal representation to beat Peshmerga to death?
Who let the idiot back out of the bunker? Throwing muslims, Mexicans, and black athletes under the bus might not help you this go round.
Remember when they targeted Muslims by saying you we’re going to endanger everyone by celebrating Eid together? What’s changed since then? Covid is still out there. Fucking idiots. Qwhite scary that we’re going to have a second wave very soon.
2) Birtherism, his banning of Muslims, denegration of South American refugees, and calling Covid-45 the "China virus" are just a few of the racist cards he plays to keep you idiots on his leash. 3) I am not going to waste anymore of my time educating you. YOU AREN'T WORTH IT!
But maine unke unfortunate murder ko apne tweet mein use nai kiya like you doing. Idiot. Vaise vo to bata Ughiur Muslims ka. China is keeping them in detention camps, castrating them, making them read a new version of holy book, can u raise this to your govt? Lol. Hell no.
Check her time line and show a line condemning radical Islamic terrorism. but there r several supporting anti national and rioters. U won't belief any one other than your religion. so it does not matter even if i answer or din't.
RT @aruaugust: lost glory of islam...whats that?am not aware of any glory,any grt contribution frm them to the world?
Wow such friends that you can't even write "Muslim" as if it's a slur. And please I seriously implore you to explain how she degraded Shivaji Maharaj and not the idiot Quora authors. Genuinely I want to know!
Nothing surprising Continue Mashaallah For Media-Terrorists, It is part of Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against HINDUS for next HINDU Genocides Partition Ethnic Cleansing Say SORRY to play Al-Taqiyah-Jihad to FOOL Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity
isis don’t follow any religion , they are terrorists that america found that to ruin the name of muslims,its better to just google the bible of muslims “Quran”and then U realize that we what a peacfull religion it is.
#AFG Taliban had destroyed a school in Logar province. Terrorist are against humanity, education and development. Taliban and Dayesh jihad means destruction of society fabric and nothing else.
Pakistan, a Muslim country, but ISIS could never stand there. Even their report says, those who got captured looked like Islam, but with tattoos, that's not allowed in Islam &amp; were not able to quote a verse of Quran. Real Islam not support terrorism. Terrorists has no religion.
I didn't even born in 1925..So, terrorism has a label.. so, islamic terrorism exists as well no?? Or you give excuse for that as well!! Such hatered for hindus!! Then why didn't u go to pakistan in 1947 itself..Why u r waiting till now??
You're okay with radicalized terrorists exacting #jihad on our Nation's Capitol?!? #LiberalLogic - They hate @realDonaldTrump more than they love Our Country or Humanity.
@zakirnaikirf Saying that Islam is a way of life means that it tells you that you cannot have democracy and must instead follow a pedophile.
Are you serious? In a muslim slate it is the duty of the ruler to save the temple from IDIOTS.
Oh come http://on.No one blamed Muslims. We blamed the jamaatis which includes members from many countries. We also blamed idiots like Kanika Kapoor, Wadhwans, Uddhav Thakeray,Kumaraswamy and his clan and many more. Why do you turn a blind eye to that?
Lastly, all Islamic scholars agree that Muslims Jews and Christians worship the same God and that Muslims and Christians both accept the birth of Jesus. So don't bother saying 'scholars agree with me'. Coz no they don't . To them, you'd be a idiot who knows nothing.
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere Islam defines women as little more than slaves, but you defend Islam and call me mysoginistic....
In Islam not allowed birthdays party are you Muslim if yes stop bringing this kind of question in in public idiot.
@eS3udi @Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa @JRehling If you are a Muslim, and if you have actually read the Quran, then you have to be a total liar.
@LifeInKhilafah Our poor live far better than the middle class of most Muslim countries.
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 And the Muslim students Hadith database shows Ashia was 6 when the pedo Mohammed married her.
@asem_1994 Mohammed was a slave owner and the Quran allows slavery. So ISIS returns to slavery. http://t.co/aVPyjTEK1Z
There’s 1.7 billion Muslims on Earth I guess they’re all idiots and you’re the genius
@ImranKhanPTI @OfficialDGISPR isn't he a muslim isn't a Pakistani? Bloody shameless basturds!For money you'll leave your self-respect too? Such a shame.Don't forget you idiot's too have the bloody of India and all our freedom fighters fought fiercely for self-respect.Jai Hind
Mr. President @realDonaldTrump American patriots &amp; Christians do not support you because you're perfect, but because Diseased Thinking Radical Supremacists think they are &amp; want to dismiss our personal sovereignty to rule over us in the name of their cult religion. You don't!
For ur information they have been arrested actually Unlike ur Millitary nation where u just vanish thousands of Baloch sindis pashtuns Allah will destroy ur country . Pakistan is the living shameful example of extremist millitary and islamic terrorism FATF will blacklist u in oct
Recently I saw a post on Facebook. It was from some Hausa men. It says *"It is right for a Moslem man to marry a Christian woman but wrong for a Moslem woman to get married to a Christian man"*.
#Jihad_Jihadi_Mukt_Bharat is MUST Any TRUE MUSLIM who follows Aasmani-Kitaab Doctrines of Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD can't b called INSAAN anymore&gt; bcoms Jihadi Narpashu-Narpishach-Shaitan-Rioters-Looters-Rapists-Terrorists conspiring against Kaffirs&gt;Hindus-Hindutva-Humanity
Well they haven’t investigated the thousands of white girls raped by Muslims so they can hardly be accused of racism you fkin idiot
Again showing report of a unknown person . shit head will go anywhere defending "radical islamic terrorism". You u even believe it will be a single Report? Ohh wait u will believe because u comes in that defending category.
ISIS in Mosul executed 13 people for watching soccer game.  Muslims will go crazy about a Mohammed cartoon, but won't protest murder. #Islam
Okay but also, watching this video shows the difference between Madi & Hannah. A Christian girl who thinks it’s okay to have sex with whoever because she’s “not strapped to a man right now” and a Christian woman who has morals and values and knows the importance of intimacy.
So tired of being called racist by our institutions, including Gary Linekar on the BBC. A small minority of Millwall/Chelsea idiots don’t represent all football fans, the same way you tell us a few jihadists don’t represent all Muslims. Why push these double-standards?
Funny, a Far Right Radical MAGA dummy (Cherry Picking Christian) thinks it’s “Erroneous” with their impressive GIF. ! The fact still remains they support a Five Time Draft Dodger, Far Right Radical trump. How UnAmerican. Conservatism is a cancer! Trickle Down Poverty!
@AAlwuhaib1977 71 Christian churches looted and burned by Muslim mobs. http://t.co/xeGlOFsNWJ
You know Sir, thats your problem... you never think.. ahead of india and kashmir... i am just presenting a view here.. 1... we never attacked you, we don't care what you doing... 2 muslims here much happy than any other part of world.. 3 yes, here are some idiots but they are on
@Israelites234 @Aliyaist Haven't seen that much idiotic and incoherent babbling, cliche and second hand propaganda in a long time.  Blocked.
Nothing to do with racism. It’s because Muslims ignored lockdown and continued to congregate and go to mosques. Maybe one day you’ll take responsibility for your actions instead of drawing the victim card. Idiots.
@ajwatamr @ExposeFalsehood And they would be right. The Quran and Hadith clearly declared war on all mankind 1400 years ago.
Jihad was against evil thoughts & injustice by Prophet Mohammed but the extremist idiots like you have started against humanity, Kafir (by just seeing Non Muslims) . . Your judgment day is near
Its no secret that China controls information more than democracies, but this keeps society stable by not allowing for idiots like David Icke to spread bs. As for Muslims and Christians being detained and organ harvesting, do you have evidence to back up these claims?
@politico Definitely from terrorist Mullahs of Pakistan, who have waged a war against humanity by their concept of "Jihad ". Islam is peace
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Mohammed was a pedophile who married a child. ISIS marries many children. http://t.co/hB4uw1F5Zd
Its story of unheard Palestinians & Kashmiris too for past 70 years & now Uyghurs @antonioguterres either declare yourself antiMuslim or u dont care about Muslims or pass the Charters you cant remain silent its that simple @UN_HRC @UN_PGA @unpublications Idiot @OIC_OCI Al-Othman
Dear muslims, if you want to go for hajj,you go, if you dont want to dont go, dont follow anyone, you are not a remote controlled toy, be your own master, dont let these idiots control your life, your money,your life,your decision.
But here u can see very rare cases like this. People od different religions are live here from thousands of years together. But what about Iran? Afghanistan? Pakistan? Islamic terrorism decreasing numbers of minorities. Think of that. How peaceful religion is that.
Really sad that idiots like him exist. Their way of answering narrow mindedness of Islam is by making Hinduism another Islam. That's not how it works. Criticize Islam as much as you want. But remember - Islam is an ideology, Muslims are people.
This gives u pain , and have u ever in your life tweeted abt 500k people who were forced to leave Kashmir in 1990 due to islamic terrorism... Islamic nation people giving lecture about restriction is lyk Saudi giving advice on secularism
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Their best age, by any objective measure you want to apply, is now in secular USA.
I don't feel sorry for you!Bring more Muslims you idiots!
What the hell is going on here??? Should have known, hope all of you idiot liberals calling for defunding police are happy??? Minnesota GOP lawmaker says Antifa and Muslim organization plan to ‘police Minneapolis under Muslim rule’ https://minnesotareformer.com/briefs/minnesota-gop-lawmaker-says-antifa-and-muslim-organization-plan-to-police-minneapolis-under-muslim-rule/ via @mnreformer
Why do you have any problem if any Indian telling he is culturally Hindu and religiously Christian ?This is what RSS pramukh want . Don't be so radical please I am in full support of @PrinceArihan .And I want all your Christian and Muslim be like @PrinceArihan and @Shehzad_Ind
@JoeBiden and @TheDemocrats support &amp; receive donations from #BLM @Blklivesmatter which is a radical, Marxist, anti-Capitalist, anti-Semite, anti-Christian, anti-Family and a corporate shakedown specialist. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle @LouDobbs
Just tell me the terrorists who are chopping heads, bombing and fighting with innocents, aren't they muslim? you are asking me to read quran but did u ever went to isis's page and asked them to read quran or officially disowned those goons, the question is as simple as that
You dragged religion into everythin while it has nothing to do with what I think of someone.U r hating my religion &amp; that’s crystal clear from every single word of u.U are full of hate for around 1.8 B Muslims while you have problems with me disliking one idiot @Malala.Hypocrite!
@P_Valerianus @CTFleaMarkets @ibnHlophe @eeviewonders We could deal with the violent fanatics if the texts of Islam weren't producing more.
Abe laudo suar Maurya empire was started from Indian state Bihar and whole south Asia was one country Bharat south Asia was part of Bharat bhikhari porkistani illiterate people that the reason u r becoming jihadi terrorist Islamic terrorism
This is not your Pakistan. So stop citing references from there. Here the rule of law prevails. U should b ashamed of urself that irrespective of criticizing a mental disease like Islamic terrorism, you r criticizing those who r shielding common ppl from it. U cannot b a human!
You had eight years of the muslim socialist hussein obama. Didn't you ever watch that idiot??? TRUMP 2020!
@Mohammed_UK_ The Badr brigade doesn't liberate anyone. They are simply a different flavor of Islamofascists.
i know right im a good christian woman who saves my first kiss for my first wedding anniversary to make it special
Okay, I have a personal experience with Islam and you and all the idiots in this thread are fucking wrong, and do not give a shit about actual Muslims who are suffering for a belief they don't even want to prescribe to. But yeah, I'm an islamophobe even though I was born muslim
Why would anyone loan money to Greece when they can be 99.9% certain it will never be paid back.
Imagine these kind of ignorance..amplify it for the Muslims too.if he’s black then god forbid! life really sucks when all these idiots still roaming around like a freaking pandemic! Damn im pissed.. girl you do you ur parents must thought white is the only legit colour
You clap , you offer praise , you reward , only when you feel its right . NOT WHEN THE TRAITOROUS NASTY PARASITIC MARXIST BBC TELL YOU TO - DONT BE SHEEP - THINK for yourselves . The BBC run by Marxists /muslims/ LGBT Idiots - they laugh at you ,they mock you -WAKE UP ENGLAND .
Sure...you're coming around now on a couple things, but it's too late. The left are working with MUSLIMS, who hate gays and all that shit with a passion you can only imagine. They have idiots out there thinking the Islamists in their midst are actually on their side.
I 99% support Bernie for his policy positions. Always have. And if he gave them up, we'd drop him like a stone. The other 1% is because we are both Jews whose families were involved in the holocaust living in an antisemitic country run partly by radical christian theocrats.
RT @davidjones720: OBAMA and his love for golf is greater that love for CHRISTIANS or Jews ! http://t.co/LludcU5jSP
Any time or u can can do self check take last your 100 tweet's and compare where u say against cong state,left separatist, Islamic terrorism never condemn attacks against army, republic of India.
@discerningmumin Wrong. Apostacy is the equivalent of leaving America and becoming a citizen of another country. There is no penalty.
@obsurfer84 What was Mohammed defending when he attacked the Jews of Khybar?
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Did they should "God is Great"? Did they burn them in a cage?
Nah I'm good. You keep on believing bin fairy tales if that's what you need to get thru they day. You keep on praying, maybe dear leader will give you a little grabby grab in that special spot ;) He's just the type guy a good Christian woman should look up to right?
@greenlinerzjm Mohammed was a slave trader, caravan robber, murderer, beheader, rapist, sexist, bigot, liar and pedophile. Just like ISIS.
The support of Non Muslim people against #MuslimBan should b seen as love for humanity. Terrorist stop killing in the name of #jihad #Islam
You’re idiots. There are zero pictures paintings or carvings or statues of Mohammad and if there were a radical Muslim would kill you if you touched it SIT DOWN DOLTS!
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Copts are attacked, murdered, raped, and forced to convert in Egypt. Turkey used to be almost all Christian.
My best wishes to all my Kashmiri Pandit brothers & sisters across the world on holy Zyeth Atham(Jyeshtha Ashtami).May Ma Kheer Bhawani bless u.The pain of being a refugee in own country is immense. One day after defeating radical Islamic terrorism,we will definitely return home.
Yo! You care about China's ethnic minorities! You should worry more about the massacre of tens of millions of Muslims in America! Idiot.
Know this, you blathering idiots. I'm a hard working, lower middle class, Christian woman. However, if you idiots EVER visit my town and block me from getting from one place 2 another, I will run right over you after one warning honk of my horn. GET A JOB!
#Greek #Greece Okay then Muslims want a mosque inside of the #Vatican what an idiot request you are asking for maşalyan
One time an older white Christian woman told me “Shalom. That’s what your people say, right?”
Sir we salute you... Help us fight against Islamic terrorism... We will support u unconditionally
@harmlesstree2 In fact, Mohammed and his thugs were starving before they captured Khybar, stole the Jews property, and made them pay to live
@DecolonisedSoul Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.  It's time we recognize that and respond.
What non-sense you are talking, till now nobody has dragged religion except you idiot..... what about Karan Johar, Aditya Pancholi are they Muslims ? We have thrown them too, like we did for this bugger....
Do you people have any short of common sense? Do you understand what does intellectual discussion requires. What you are saying above can be said vice versa. When I see idiots like you, I think whatever is happening with Muslims in India and all over world is Justified.
You idiots need to get real facts! First off, the Deep State and Soros are responsible for carrying out the Orlando mass shooting. That Muslim was payed to do what he did. Now his wife and family are sitting on millions of dollars.
She never said that. Are you an idiot? But you claim that wearing hijab is oppressive, meanwhile you demand muslim women to not wear it, even if they want to. Let me ask you, who is the oppressor now?
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Which is why he gave himself as many wives as he wanted to satisfy his prick.
Can you first show concern for our Muslim brethren and then start shedding Crocodile tears for the chinese? Bewakoof banaana bandh karo! Indians are not IDIOTS.... maybe media is.
Bruh you are acting the same way as blm when they accuse white people of being racists and slave owners because ancestors did it. Just because radical Christians did those horrible things doesnt mean you need to talk shit to people who support Christianity in the present day...
You are birds of a feather, for sure. You consider yourself a good Christian woman, but I have my doubts, and Trump tells us he is a loving Christian man. Yeah, right. I know Jews and Arabs who are better Christians than the 2 of you.
@shehzilk @watan71969 Read the statistics microbrain. Look at the percentage of the worlds Muslims that want to kill apostates.
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy First off, the cretins at Salon are 100% unaware that there is nothing that ISIS does that Mohammed did not also do.
WRONG. Muslims regard Jesus as just another prophet. The q'uran is merely the OT with a different ending. Satan isn't real either, genius, but he comes in handy for scaring idiots who think he is! Say hi to Allah for me when next you chant at her!
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 Nothing is more barbaric that the Muslims. http://t.co/oWdV64PDDT
Human Rights News (World) @HRNewsWorld BIHAR: A Christian woman was stripped naked, beaten &amp; paraded through the streets by radical #RSS goons.The group burned her house before they dragged her out onto the street.India is becoming a "dangerous place" for minorities. @cjwerlema
What the business is queen if I ever found the right Christian woman that is worthy of me and God fearing our life will be perfect
@ummayman90 Richard was king he could do what he pleased. None of your garbage has any bearing on Mohammed being a pedophile. #Islam
This right here is an episode that really allowed me (a Christian woman) to be able to take on the perspective of Christian men and sympatheize with a struggle I’ll never be able to experience.. definitely worth the listen
Idiot the government won’t need to boycott him the public will do that come next election have you been paying attention to whom he as put in his cabinet and his performances at his he CPS like stopping police from charging Muslim rape gangs &amp; jimmy savile case no boycott needed
Brittney, is a fucking idiot. You thought you could marry a Muslim and not convert? What planet do you live on? #90daytheotherway
Do you also support other historic events being on the National curriculum such as the crusades?
Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists r Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians who r conspiring Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity &gt;PREDATORS can't b called VICTIMS once HINDU Rashtra-Rakshak Kshatriya-Bharat Warriors r taking charge of the situation
1. Muslim is a religion, not an ethnicity. Pakistani is her heritage, not race. Her race could be white OR Asian by the classifications of the US Census. 2. Everything about her is stolen from Static. 3. You idiots act like she is a unique character and not just a cheap meme.
Calling all Conservatives. BOYCOTT ALL LIBERAL COMPANIES. Let's see who caves first. Idiot Muslim Auntie. Linking Covid to Trump to Goya is like saying Shiite and Sunni live in peaceful harmony. You trippin
@klassydaisy You are lying.  What does ISIS do that the prophet Mohammed did not do?  There are over 100 Islamic terrorist groups. #Islam
@discerningmumin Islam is a slave religion, both for it's followers and for the people it enslaves, and for the dhimmis it rules.
@Raja5aab @Quickieleaks I've seen it before microbrain. I just told you, every verse of the Tao Te Ching is superior to every verse of Quran
radical Christian protestors on McKeldin: “feminists support pedophilia” “semen is a depressant that’s why a lot of you hoes are depressed” All the feminists: *take off their shirts and flip them off* Well done ladies, well done.
Is it possible to support the pro death far right agenda and still be right with God? You do nothing to provide healthcare. Thousands die in childbirth and early childhood and millions die for lack of healthcare. Radical Christians are #hypocrites who don’t care about the living.
Then what hell you guys need GOD WILL JUDGE ALL THE EVIL LIARS AND CORRUPT IDIOTS ARE EVIL SATANS. LET GOD ALMIGHTY JUDGE AND PUNISH ALL EVIL AND DESTROY LIARS FROM THIS EARTH AMEN MUSLIM ARE IN WRONG DIRECTION BUT THEY THINK THEIR THE BEST GOD WILL SWEEP OFF
@SamihNewsam Wrong. Islam didn't give women any rights and it imprisoned them in their houses. Remember Katjia was wealthy BEFORE Islam.
Fck of idiot. There is #LovsJihad exactly going on Targeting Non Muslim girls to make Muslim children &amp; cutting of the girl's lineage and next generation. Otherwise why don't you see Muslim women &amp; Non Muslim men in this?? In many countries that is even banned and only one side.
This isn' t President but a disgusting genocidist sponsor jihadist Terrorists Fulani and Boko Haram To stop innocents murders his end is only @IntlCrimCourt 4 crimes against Humanity @SecPompeo Stop this killer obsessed OIL and Christian Properties 4 NG- Daesh Jihad State
Get lost you idiots . it has nothing to do with religion .. The same ones have murdered #JiahKhan and #ParveenBabi .. Do not divide #SushanthSinghRajput lovers into Hindu and Muslims. Demand for justice or just keep shut @Swamy39 @itsSSR #CBIEnquiryForSSR #CBIForSSRHomicideCase
Whole humanity is in danger due to terrorism by aliens , all global terrorist organisations waging Jihad on non Muslims are by chance resembling Muslims whereas hate mongering Fanatic Muslims are too innocent, agree with you .
So are you cross at just Muslim Labour MPs, the religion of islam in general, the religious leaders who led/organised fumerals with too many mourners, Dominic Cummings, or any idiot that breaks the lock down rules?
I am not condemning anything until you agree upon evil people being in all Religion U will call hindutva Terrorism but not Islamic Terrorism, If you can show your double standards so why should I condemn
Food4thought We dont agree with actions & ideology of terrorists but We respect their chosen names by calling them isis,taliban etc We take pride calling them muslims WTF scholars,Quran &amp; Sunnah declared them not muslims. Got it!!Muslim hate-card works 4 corrupt politicians
RT @salmonfarmer1: Twisted Logic in the world of Islam http://t.co/6nALv2HPc3
You’re right. A Christian woman told me “No Christian has ever committed a crime, because if they did commit a crime, they aren’t and were never Christian.” Anecdote, though an example of the mental gymnastics.
Gonna be the same betrayal for the whites that support BLM and Muslims who want sharia law. Once you are no longer useful, they become just idiots to be marginalized and victimized, or worse.
@Javedakhtarjadu @sardesairajdeep @BDUTT @sagarikaghose @ShekharGupta where are your candles u communal anti nationalist supporters of radical Islamic terrorism tukde tukde gang all silent on this shameless snakes in our back yards @Shehzad_Ind @AmitShah @amitmalviya
If Allaah has revealed in The Quran over 1400 years ago that there is a barrier that can’t be transgressed by either water then this is what we as Muslims accept. How the barrier works we don’t know. If you choose to accept what snopes says that’s your choice.
IDIOT, look at my country the muslims about to control everything, Iam as a minoroty a non muslims is getting scarier day by day living here, The muslims in my country even wanna turn my Country in to 100% muslim country with muslim rules, Lost for words for you Americans
What u must be joking sir they are either torchbearer of jihadi forces or overground workers of Islamic terrorism ,as simple as that
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Islam is the religion of hatred and bigotry. http://t.co/speHOyfjU1
Like you aren’t bullied in Saudi Arabia at all, for simply being Muslim woman. Exercise your right of free speech all you want, but that’s the distinction of an idiot.
My statement is an opinion. Is this how all Muslim men treat women? Do they call them cunts, idiots and repeatedly use the F word when speaking to them? Do you also beat them?
Yes is the mother of u Zahil Zamatee oyeee Zahil HV u guts to say anything about this Islamic Terrorism no HV u guts to say Against Obbassi no HV u guts to say Against sharzil imma no bcz those r Ur community u all either a Engineer or a Zahil both r same
Don't mistaken Christians with radical Evangelicals. Majority of Christians do not support this President. 66% Catholic and 80% no affiliation do not support Trump. If you are going to challenge someone to an intellectual challenge I suggest you proof read your tweet first.
Taliban are sociopathic Jihadists. They don't understand that their murdering rampages makes AMERICA want to annihilate them off the face of the earth. How long must Humanity of this endure Taliban &amp; other Jihad Terrorists?
RT @SmokeNMirrors71: @AceofSpadesHQ Same MSM that insists Islam has no connection w/terror censors cartoons cuz they fear being murdered. S…
You are a certified idiot and I say this as a Muslim. Get your a... out of your head. You left Africa that long ago that you forgot your deities? What's that with Calabar if you are in California? Flipping US flag ... you forgot you from Naija?
Most of these white nationalists, like Hitler himself, are/were leftists. They support state control over our lives, things like the universal basic income, socialized health care, radical environmentalism, population control, and more. Almost none are Christian or conservative.
Clintons should be in prison because they bombed christian Serbia 1999 and destroy monastery’s 1000 plus years old in Serbia,support Albanian isis radical islamists
Many muslims in Gujarat vote for BJP too, that's no point. If it was a natural disaster after killing of one person, after the Godhra train burning the "natural disaster" should have been 60 times stronger I am not with RSS, but your single digit IQ says you are with idiot Pappu
Mr Trump I’ve never ask for your help please read these truthful tweets about Dr Francine Gayle call her and talk to her she is being framed no evidence just lies like they did to you black Christian woman who loves people just like you do It’s the right thing to help her I pray
Not India, you and a few muslims the world over need this medicine to have peace globally. Idiot! https://twitter.com/RanaAyyub/status/1260153263615287296
It’s Not a Muslim ban you marble mouth idiot. It includes N. Korea Venezuela Myanmar Tanzania and Nigeria are split Christianity and Islam
theres a few ppl on brown/muslim twitter that many of yall fw that are actual fuckin idiots, but there's one in particular whose hubris, belief that they're actually smarter than they are and brashness is just off the charts unbearable but i mean do you i guess
I never voted for this dumb government anyways but we have country full of idiots like you... who love hating Muslims more than they love the country. And Rahul Gandhi predicted this will happen when Modi was busy eating.
There is no such thing like Radical, All that is just Islamic Terrorism. Kindly visit http://sunnah.com nd type Jihad, Jews, Kaafir, u will get to know.
@MohammedTaouf You Alaoui dog, you are a kafir trying to create fitnah between Muslim brothers. You idiot.
my dear this caliphat moment isis runs by Zionits funding, in pakisan ttp by indian funding, trust me. A good Muslm could never go against Quran, the Holy words of God. visit in google indian terrorist spy jhadev, got fund 440m $, killed 70k people here bombing by ttp.
Already arrested where is ur friend saad of tabliqi jamat Tahir in jail amantullah mastermind of Shaheen Bagh Jamia and delhi riots still at large u r communal anti nationalists supporters of radical Islamic terrorism and the biggest liars led by anarchist Kejriwal @amitmalviya
@greenlinerzjm You should be attacking everyone that follows a religious cult of hated and murder like Islam.
Muslims don't have to do any propaganda. If Muslims were so cruel as you say then why are, Hindus are in the majority? Don't say you resisted. When Mongols were not able to invade during khilji, do you think you idiots could have any chance? Introspect
And secondly Lockdown is to keep down the creeps like u instigating violence in name of Jihad and Islam...probably u might hav heard that word Islamic terrorism from Trump too...that's what ur real face...
Another registered idiot dont play Muslims and tribalizing the removal of duale serve you boss to the ratter.. No one has been sacked for be obedient.... ....
> Another fine surprise was the existence of a Christian woman as the lead cop in the story. Yeah, enough with people of faith being mocked left and right for the sake of making political points. The dynamics between Wever and Collette helped expand the case into hot discussions&gt;
.@DemMaj4Israel sheds the disguise and shares views that only the most radical religious right wingers support, making common cause with the Temple Mount Faithful and the apocalyptic Christian Zionists. No place for these views among anyone remotely liberal or progressive.
I would like to see some of the idiots from the so called Liberal (Muslim &amp; Arabs) try to read your comments, and most importantly try to be Fair in interpreting and understanding the messages inside it. Thank you
@ummsuhaym @logicalmind11 This would be another good example of terrorism.  Control through fear, violence, brutality http://t.co/9yklLhS1G6
Islam are giving money to #modi terrorist and rss are committing crimes against Muslim you fucking idiot what you are feeling shy to talk like that you hindu always under Arab balls for billions
Hillary the murderer, the rapist comforter, the liar, the left wing radical Muslim loving idiot? That Hillary? Yeah, we don't want her and we do not need her. To Hell with you &amp; your precious head witch.
That’s right. Save your upper lip for your husband like a good Christian woman. Do not conform to the world!
Funny how minds rooted in christian extremism can make project about clearing extremism. You idiots make me laugh hard Look at the holocaust you have caused in Muslim countries. Yemen, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Etc is burned to ashes and millions are death due your extremism.
Real Christians understand FREE WILL. Real Christians respect others beliefs. Democrats can be Christians. Radical religious frauds are hypocrites, not Christians. Democrats are closer to Jesus' teachings than Evangelicals who support Trump. Proof? The New Testament
Mahesh Chauhan your spokesperson is debating like idiot. Sharad Pawar has antagonized Hindus today by mocking Ram Mandir. Do you have the guts to speak like that on Muslims? Dirty pigs.
Billy Graham’s grandson, Tullian, had this to say about this wonderful Christian woman. And he is making a comeback after how many affairs with no repentance? #churchtoo totally normal for a “pastor”, right? @Blondiegirl29
@loveconcursall This is an ISIS humanitarian concern. It's a terrible thing to do to ISIS.  Now they can't rape her any more.
NO OWNERSHIP !!!! He was raised by a powerful black Christian woman that taught him to do right by women. A lot of men need to take heed and be responsible like snoop .. #iamforsnoop
Our 20 soldiers died not for #BJP not for #Modi not for #Hindus not for #Muslims they died for India for Indians for our life you idiots are feeling happy for the attack on India so that you can attack on the government shame on such people You don't deserve Indian citizenship
@JakeM_1998 True. And the outcome has to be bad when either group of Islamolunatics wins.
Never assume all muslims support Radical Islam. @POTUS just honored Iman Abubakar Abdullahi for saving 262 Christians. Omar, CAIR and the rest of the radicals don't speak for every Muslim in the world.
Radical Muslims exploit and abuse and mock Christian residents by using Christian traditions and holidays for Arab propaganda. No limit to #palestinian atrocities. Never support these scum.
Democraps are Domestic Terrorists Leftism is a cult. Thats why they attack Christians and Jews but support Islamic Terrorism. Only 2 domestic terrorist groups openly attack whites - christians - conservatives. Radical Islam and Radical Democraps. @WhiteHouse @PressSec @VP
I literally couldn’t imagine thinking (a) they are praying in Muslim tradition (which who tf cares unless you’re really that insecure about other religions existing), (b) it’s photoshopped when they’ve been doing it for like 20+ years. The densest idiots on earth
yeah Gerry, they believe in Democracy in its 70 years of independence it had around 37 years of Military rule. And yeah about Human rights - Please read Asiya Bibi case, poor christian woman escaped death penalty and got asylum in France after years of staying in Jail.
Can you speak about this too?? Islamic Terrorism is funded by Arab Countries to forcefully convert people in Islam. Shame on biased approach by bigots like u.
are you an idiot? what is hindutwa the temple was in a private land it was a temple for 160 families where Muslims are majority Muslims objected temple demolished by the district authority
RT @PeterTownsend7: #Islam #ISIS Why beheadings? Because it's in the book!  http://t.co/CcVAw1M7LF http://t.co/CGDLnBIbkK
Why is no one talking about these fucking idiots that slit a Muslim mothers throat in front of her child for protecting him? You want to know who did it? 4 black men. Bastards
no need hide islamic terrorism bullshit activities behind new propaganda , kill the kafir brutally r includes in jihad ..u hv need read ashamni kitab again .. kafir :- who not beliv in allah specly btw tell me smthing abut ghzva e hind ??
@iamjohnoliver I like how you get mad when people prosecute Muslims or LGTBQ people but you prosecute Christians all the time on your show calling them “Idiots” something’s not adding up
Don't be an idiot. Where did religion come into a case of plagiarism? It's irrelevant that the plagiarist happens to be a Hindu. Your point is that a Muslim would have done it as well? Is that the best defense of plagiarism that Hindutva can come up with? Shame on you.
Same with the radical Christians who support you
The government didn't cave you misinformed idiot. Pakistan is not a banana republic. The land that this temple is supposed to be built upon does not have the necessary approvals from the local land department. The temple will be built and we Muslims will cheer it all the way.
@altamimi14 you care more about making money than people’s lives huh. And you call yourself a Muslim??? Idiot
@ExposeFalsehood @arabthomness But this is a good lesson that you can't win in the 21st century with ignorant madrassa rats.
A Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case, party officials say. https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/01/pakistani-activists-sentenced-blasphemy-protests-200117092607998.html
I put the (?) just in case monster Abedi deliberately timed the Lee Rigby anniversary date for the Manchester Arena atrocity. Both were Islamic terrorism. More I think it took place then is that Ariana is like Hiroshima &amp; Nagasaki - not the 1st u would expect to be targeted.
Embrace peace you idiot. Are you gonna spew Jewish Muslim hatred for ever? You find the Palestinian situation worth lasting through bullies like that? It only shows Palestinians feel comfortable with int’l aid and whining victimization. Act, change and take destiny in your hands
Who is killing in the entire world in the name Jihad and kafir... Islamic Terrorism...Trump knows but u don't know...
Religion of peace, right? Just asking... Islamists Severely Beat Christian Woman with Sticks in Eastern Uganda
RT @AnneBayefsky: Gang-raped Saudi woman gets 200 lashes, jail time. Saudis on UN "Human Rights" Council. http://t.co/et8DDsmTrp http://t.c…
Ugh, yeah because people who go to church are so loving. One Christian woman told me to call her if I ever was feeling suicidal, I did. She told me I didn’t pray for the right things, I had the devil in me &amp; I was manipulative. She then left me alone daring me to take my life.
Time to get united against ISLAM. Stop ISLAMIC TERRORISM. Stop Muslims to spread terror. Stop Muslims to join Islamic Terrorism Organizations. Stop hatred against non islamic people!!! U stop all these, I will stop hating Muslims. जय श्री राम
Yeah, so don't use Islamic terrorism, tho I know U are not saying it
what about bochistan ,at least our nation working for peace rather than sending terrorist to other country and disturbing them,the name of jihad u can't own humanity,tell me the name of one terrorists who are not belongs to Pakistan,illiterate ppl #BalochistanIsNotPakistan
My step-mother was from Vidor. She was a real christian woman and always looked out for those less fortunate. My father-not so much but she set him right. She told stories about Vidor when she was a kid. (30's-50's). They were dark. Decades later, it still shook her to the core.
She lies not so good but she is a Christian woman right
Your nationality itself is symbol of begging The world's leader in radical islamic terrorism International Bhikhari Terrorists ki janambhumi Pakistan is a cancer to whole world We are ashamed that u r our neighbour. Bhaag bhadwe
He, like nearly all the founding fathers, was a Christian influenced by deism. Adams wasn’t as radical as Ben Franklin who once clarified he was a deist. That being said the founding fathers agreed separation of church and state was best, and didn’t support religion in politics.
I've always been enamored with atheists who need to tear down Christians beliefs of heaven and hell. God forbid they take down the Koran. Why don't you do it? They are monotheists. Why don't you tell Muslims they are idiots for believing in a singular God?
@jonsnowC4 @SwatiGauri When an Islamolunatic blows himself up in Baghdad, it has zero to do with Bush and Blair.
Lol so much obsession with modi and India, go give rights to non muslims. Non muslims cannot even practice law, cannot become army generals and never be allowed to become prime minister. That's all in Pakistan law and then you idiots talk about India how pathetic
Saving #Corona_Jihad terrorist is waste of time and money Barbarians are the burden for this earth, &amp; they are biggest threats for humanity! #ModijiSaveDoctors
I dont like muslims you idiot. I love Christianity.. without us the world won't function... we're the real saviours
That’s interesting! Say you try to marry a Christian woman right , who would marry you ? A priest or Imam ? Sorry lol I’m so inquisitive
This is @realDonaldTrump America. Is New Jersey and more importantly, the Jewish community ready to tell trump and @GOP that they've lost their support? This political party is extremely radical. They're targeting non whites and non Christians. It's time #VoteBlueNoMatterWho2020
We got rid of Hitler because of the bad things he done and to have an idiot welcoming terrorists to the UK is a disgrace. Do you think words are gonna stop Muslim extremists setting bombs off ?? (Destroy and conquer !)
I also didn't understand why a white Christian woman would tell me a brown biracial Jew that I didn't have a right to speak out. I will always fight for Palestines. Calling my ethnically Jewish ass anti-Semitic or my Muslim ass a terrorist supporter won't stop me. They're my kin.
Are you an idiot? Or you're living in 18th century? Bengal &amp; Bihar have stopped it. Stop spreading fake news. Yes,we had Sati &amp; Bali, with time we've moved ahead &amp; abandoned it. Now it's Muslims turn to do so, we'll accept that they don't live in Barbaric era of 6th Century.
If you look closely u have 3 types of Muslims here Top guy:logical muslim Middle guy: radicalised muslim Bottom guy: the dangerous one. Will protest against violence against Muslims, but will keep mum on radical Islamic terrorism.
That’s very small minded. But then again you support Trump. You put all Democrats in one bucket so I assume your a racist, radical Christian who hates anyone who’s gay and not white? I’m a Dem, don’t smoke pot, not that that’s bad. Employed, so are my friends all professionals.
@discerningmumin The first slaughterers were the Muslims. They invaded the Christian world 400 years before the crusades.
We didn't want all those muslims aka anti Nationals further in our country. That's why we chose not to make it a state. Idiot. Do you think we didn't have the option to after winning the war stupid
But after Corona try to eliminate cruelty of Radical islamic Terrorism in this earth to safe this,,kill them with full cruelty,,,bcoz u can do it only
@islam4libya5 @IslamRevlution @BintStranger No, Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago. So all "non believers" despise Islam.
again she is no princess fake divorced female anyways there is no terror saffron u don't have guts to oppose isis taliban all other terrorists groups that are in Pakistan according to imf fatf report you do you isis as part of you argue with real Islamic terrorism are u afraid
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri But congratulations, you do get to put an X on the bullshit bing card. http://t.co/EYvQeNntHH
@SirajZarook And traitors are individuals, not tribes and their women and children. You make up lying excuses for barbarity like a Muslim.
U have no understanding of Right wing then, we dont hate pakistan because we are RWs, i have seen many LFs who hates Pak as well, Rightsm also never teaches to hate muslims.. you are not only an atheist bt an idiot as well
Hanson backs the Libs and the bosses every fucking time and you thick idiots think because she gives the Chinese/Muslims/Black and Brown people a verbal bashing she has your interests at heart but you get sold out every fucking time too
Call me a radical Christian but how in the world does one follow Jesus and support Donald Trump at the same time? I have struggled so hard to wrap my brain around this.
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Another one of those filthy lies Muslims love to tell. This is the truth. http://t.co/iVRtDVh4sx
You BJP's slave which they use to win elections . They yell ram mandir and you vote for them idiots. They don't have anything to say. When they abuse good hindus and Muslims, you think that they are brave and brilliant
Show humanity to jihadi terrorists. Let them come n kill you. Thus you enable them win the jihad, help them go to heaven and get 72 virgins
Hi Jazeera Suppose an African Christian woman displaced by terrorism crosses the Red Sea &amp; makes it to Qatar in hope of seeking refuge, citizenship, and a dignified life. What are the chances of her getting any of that frm #Qatar? @malonebarry @FemiOke @baysontheroad @AJStream
@DianH4 You really are a raving Islamolunatic. Our soldiers are never, ever allowed to rape anyone. If they do they have broken the law.
I can’t believe you would deny the existence of ISIS, Hezbollah, and PLO. They are the terrorists and the Quran is their guide. They are not U.S. military or sponsored by the U.S.. You show your ignorance everyday, @QasimRashid
She is disrespectful! You are in Jordan! You may not be Musli but he is Muslim. What are these women thinking? Another idiot #90dayfiancetheotherway
@yuskan0723 You can't get any sicker than the Muslim animals following the instructions of their pedophile prophet. http://t.co/oAqQJFf1Pb
What does it say about our country when idiots like you try to force barbaric culture on us . Chatham house survey 56% want ALL yes ALL immigration stopped from Muslim countries.
And now we Muslims will think that you're on our team. (sarcasms) what is this nonsense you idiot. You're trying to divide us. You're worthless we all Indians are in one team.
@ZamiraTwitt Erdogan is a fascist Islamist scum bag. Women's employment has decreased 30% under him. Violence against women has increased.
Stupid. Audacious to talk about things you don't know. Go study Islam. Idiot. A hindu can never be a Muslim, can never accept Islam. Allah is not another deity. It is a different being altogether. Hindus habit of talking nonsense is age-old and without cure.
You are right, we should have elected a good Christian woman like Hillary or Pelosi Politician A okays abortion &amp; gay marriage &amp; weakens protections for Christians but claims to be a good Christian/Catholic
@Harvard Dear Harvard I hav appointed Nidhi razdan as a assistant professor . I think u want to tech your student how to create fake news ? How to promote radical Islamic terrorism? How to take money from communist &amp; Islamic extremist and write against country.
@IronmanL1 @IAmThe1Teacher @stevecorrales80 I don't think so. But we do need to outlaw Islam.
o my God... border and countries have nothing to do with religion. Idiots. Syrian have muslim majority but iran and sudia are bombing there. Turkey is bombing there.Its not about religion its about oil which they are getting. you guys ate begging and Russia is enjoying ur wealth
Ed what about your Muslim brother who broke the law what about Layla Moran for being a violent man beater stop having niche opinions you idiot by the way the Muslim population is laughing at you
Radical Jewish Zionists and Christian Evangelicals have similar beliefs. They support immoral, corrupted leaders because God chose those leaders. They assault moral, ethical leaders because God did not choose them. Such hypocrisy.
Cool. Cool. Great that AIPAC are supportive of the radical right Christians who support Israel just because they believe it will hasten End Times. #putz
Good to c u cry . And peddle lies too I am a Kashmiri Pandit living in jammu in exile because of islamic terrorism that Pakistan supported and I welcome all my indian brothers in Jammu and Kashmir #EkBharatShreshthaBharat Mind your Gilgit Baltistan , Baloochistan plz
And if u blame islamic terrorism.Most of place its happend due interference of countries like USA.why they entered in afghanistan, iraq, libya etc.Taliban was started and trained by cia first.They start it all later they blame it on islam.
Let's implement the first before we have a second. Also, since you support Labour, how are Labour going to implement radical policies in the EU where it's not allowed ?
If you will calculate the whole timing the Five times azan by muslims will still be less than your so called 5-6 times festivals. By the way how many festivals are there in hindu religion . And not playing loudspeakers after 12 is just another rule frequently broken
He told to destroy radical Islamic Terrorism not Islam fool or do u believe that all Islamic ppl r radicals then u cry later that Terrorism has no any religion. Hypocrite
Jihad terrorist like you greatest threat to this humanity...
Since b simone a christian woman now that mean i shouldnt see no more new videos from her beggin to suck some guy’s dick, right?
#Kashmiriyat Jihad is a blot on humanity. Libtards giving cover fire for monetary benefits are worst than terrorists. https://twitter.com/ksunjai/status/884978858000355331
It was the morons attacking him that were charged you idiot. The same morons we saw defacing the cenotaph at the weekend. Everytime he organises an event the pro muslim mob descend to cause trouble. If he's allowed to protest they'll be zero trouble and zero violence.
Islamic terrorism &amp; u r islamic terrorist
Initially, r sure to be an over boarder guy. U would respected should u state "enemy of Islamic terrorism" Just bcos arnab tears a part muslims &amp; pakies..r one &amp; only hated specimens on Earth. Accept facts.
What is your view on 5 lakh kashmir Hindus, they are openly challenged to leave kashmir Or to be Muslim, openly from musjid, in 1990 you are then impotent right. Not a single name you can say out of lakhs of Hindus. Live like a man not like virus , idiot
An EDL member??..the EDL was never a racist organisation,...and was disbanded years ago,...you idiots dont even know who and what is against you???..none of you talk about the ongoing muslim islamic slavery of black people in North Africa...is there a reason why these black...
@obsurfer84 The few things Islam came up with were from conquered people and came in spite of Islam, not because of it.
you always find that. &amp; one of the girls seem to love turkey which is a muslim-majority country, you’d think they’d be a little more educated. hypocrisy at its finest, showing clear islamophobia yet apparently doesn’t mind muslims when she’s in turkish shisha bars. idiots
@shehzilk @watan71969 Furthermore, your heroes the Taliban are responsible for the murder of 80% of Afghan civilians. So stick it asshole.
Here r translations of t Quranic verse that gives men the right to beat their wives and declares men superior. http://t.co/3piDnVkq2b #Islam
No one is telling a Christian woman (or any woman from any other religious denomination or ideological belief system) to have an abortion for example. But unless that woman can unequivocally support the right of other women to make their own free choices, she is not a feminist.
Like that can u say I oppose only Islamic terrorism not Islam? Can you pichaikara leader say yhat?
Look, I understand Muslims saying "tear down statutes of Muhammad" as there is no statute of Muhammad as it is against the faith to have his image. However, you will start to get idiots creating that image just to destroy it. Then we will get to the Charlie Hebdo territory.
@loveconcursall @ottomanland But look at the reality disconnect. Burak says he is for freedom and against all slavery while at the ...
The modern GOP rests on two pillars of support: the radical “libertarian” billionaires who pump in contributions, and the largely rural, less educated white “Christian” voters who think of themselves as the only real Americans. These folks on Trump: What’s not to like?
RT @ToroLocoNC: “@zainiboy915: Don't become a slave of political correctness. http://t.co/LZdYcS6s1o” don't fall for islam / sharia.... @is…
Assam NRC is done bcoz of illegal Bangladeshi Muslim migrantion since last 3 decades. J&amp;K is a part of India. The history of Kashmir is pure Hindu. The name Srinagar is not a Muslim name. Shut up idiot, you haven't been to Kashmir and you are arguing with a Kashmiri (myself)
@Nick_d_Williams There are many supposed Americans that work to destroy America.
Hahahaa! Well I’m currently seeking a mother figure to emotionally adopt me, as I have no family that speaks to me. My navy seal dad raised me and passed away when I was 13. Mom’s whole side abandoned me right after. So now seeking a matronly wise Christian woman to adopt me
That is a RADICAL LIBERAL TALKING POINT.... The Democrats support the murder of thousands of unborn babies every year! Those are the ppl with no SOUL! NO true Christian will VOTE FOR THAT.. and THAT is the TRUTH. And NO, I know for certain I do not bow to Satan..
Idiot The wives of the prophet SAW wore niqab Watch what you say and repent for your owns sake Be respectful towards muslims
@sandukankanack What do you read from her face terrorist? http://t.co/zxjEZiUKRB
@BilalIGhumman @98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 The stupidist arguments are the ones rationalizing the barbarity of Islam.
I am sure you were so happy to be with nonmuslim countries such as France, Greece, Russia, etc. You, idiot admin, listen up now, a decade before we were all Ottoman which means Muslim.
What do you think every Christian woman needs to start the New Year off right? https://booksfaithandcoffee.com/?p=4305 via @booklybooks
Such hypocrites in the House , @IlhanMN says don’t judge all Muslims or middle easterncountries because some people did something (I hate that by the way ) on 9/11but we are supposed to defund the police because of a few bad ones ? You fucking hypocritical left wing idiots gtfoh
I see you’re of Bengali origin, you’re quick to scream #BLM, yet I bet you don’t speak out about what’s happening to Muslims in India and Bangladesh right now, you’re just another idiot jumping on the bandwagon
Grand Salute to him & Good Hindusthani-Muslims like him BUT STOP using Good Deeds of Hindusthani-Muslims for playing Al-Taqiya Emotional-Victimhood-Jihad &amp; SHELTERING Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians conspiring against Hindus-Hindutva-Humanity
It just doesn't sit right with me when a self proclaimed Christian woman, sporting a stripper name, acts like someone would be worried about contracting anything from her. Like bitch, I hope she wears that gear on a normal day, OnlyFans knows where those feet have been.
Muchlimbs killing innocent people ,but u never condemned islamic terrorism
@NNdabbour64 And you get to put an X on the Islamic bullshit bingo card. http://t.co/gDAGWcox9l
@IftikharAwan The Muslims relationship to god is fear.  He is told to fear Allah again and again in the Quran.
Well: English have given their country, their culture to a mixure of muslims and BLM idiots. What else can you expect? get used to it!
Such a lovely Christian woman trying to pit the right against the left and create even more divisiveness. Just like the good Christian Trump is!
And who told you Hindu marriage was not legal, idiot.what the hell you are saying in Pakistan No Muslim Marriage was legal till they dont have documents , got it. Now that has been abolished and no documents are needed as you people marry without documents.
This is the problem, if the truth doesn’t fit, idiots like you try to change the facts and truth. Washington post is a highly credible source, unlike the Indian fake media. It was definitely an anti-Muslim carnage. Burning mosques and killing innocents, is definitely anti-Muslim.
Muslim terrorists murder 12 people in Paris. 22,000 terrorist attacks since 9/11. It's not an aberration, it's the real #Islam
the Quran does not condone murder. only in self defense or to people who're terrorists like Isis. Mohammed even forgave the people who persecuted him. Keep cherry-picking though, you're not smart anyway
Naturally, and if you don’t think that Obama is a Kenyan born national, Islamic Muslim terrorist, bent on the destruction of America, you must be an idiot!
But u never condem Islamic Terrorism
We only punishing which is involved in terror and separatism activity and that is good for peace and stability. And don't tell us about minority check first your country states every singal child is born for jihad. Shame on humanity. More than 40000 terrorist- your PM statement
What idiots get when you elect libtards and muslim jihadists like Ilhan Omar!
@TheInfoIslam We all saw Cantlie's video of how Kobane was entirely taken by the Daesh and only mopping up was left.  We are still laughing.
If u know anything about kashmiri freedom struggle then u should have understood that it's not externally motivated by Pakistan but historically and factually compelled. If speaking and fighting for your freedom is "radical islamic terrorism," then u are going right. Enjoy!
LOL. That Bengali idiot farted something and you accepted it. How many Sumit Bansal exist in this world? I am sure you will agree that more than 1.similarly there are more than one Faizal. It is a popular Muslim name. The article is not about tiktoker. Article is not fake.
You are a high class idiot. Do you believe they voted for her? They Will never vote for non Muslim
I’m not a radical hindu like you brainwashed muslims. Hindusim is about living life the way you want. We are not you idiots who blindly follow sacred books and start terror in the name pf god
Hey idiot, you go other country. We are born in india, our grand fathers fight against british for india freedom. they are freedom fighters. Tell me any single name of rss freedom fighters? We are muslims, not shoe lickers like you and savarkar.
Chinese people are ok with AA playing sports, but don’t try and mix in with the citizens. Chinese communist party media plays AA as criminals, you must never trust them. CCP &amp; muslim brotherhood is using BLM , Antifa for a purpose. “Useful idiots “
That's what these idiots have been programmed to believe. If you look at the actual numbers there have been about 180 "Muslim grooming gang" convictions in 30 years. I would guess maybe 150 of those convicted were of Pakistani origins.
What racist do u found in him? Sorry but u r an arse hole He is asking not to defend tabliqis, not to defend radical islamic terrorism, not to defend the muslims who r spitting on doctors, pelting stones on them. U find it racist? Actually u r racist.
Also refused to read short stories i wrote right when I was trying to see if I liked writing because a "bad word" offended her and she is a Christian woman
@AAlwuhaib1977 Muslims are raping Christian girls with impunity around the world. http://t.co/liSKP9U8Uq
Where do u get this data? Anyway you mean to say muslims are dyeing so islamic terrorism is pious and as holy as quran. Good ideology
You support the commies. Take china $$$, turn your back on the Muslim concentration camps idiot.
This coin is from 1939 made by ENGLISH by #UK check you idiot a borders of Palestine. Palestine was a English protectorate NOT a Stat. There never was a Palestine State or Palestine people only Muslim Arabs which were occupying a Jewish land. #Israel
your still defending ISLAMOPHOBIA. The shuns knew what they were doing, anti-Muslim propaganda, at every opportunity, You think they attack Palestine/Iraq/Iran/Libya/syria/ not Muslims ? you idiots, its a crusade, nothing less. Also Covid19 news used images of veiled Muslim women
who is this idiot calling himself professor? Muslim commumity is majorly populated by hate mongers like you, Exceptions like @Zaffar_Nama are not muslims according to muslims like you!
Have u done PhD in Islamic Terrorism I mean Information Technology..
There is difference in muslims in all countries and muslims in this subcontinent Here they're idiots, traitors &amp; terrorists When you boast so much as peaceful where were you when muslim country pak, Bangladesh &amp; Afghan is persecuting hindus and other religion
Once again I am tomboy and straight Christian woman please stop calling me a man I enjoy watching sports learning i bjj watching the news reports reading news stories Girl things I enjoy Find right guy to date someday be bride wearing make up shopping tai chi and yoga
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews So ISIS beheads because their prophet beheaded . ISIS rapes slaves because their prophet raped them.
I recall a story a couple years back about an Arab Christian woman who volunteered for the IDF. No Arab country protects the rights of Christians like Israel does. Arabs in the IDF are volunteers.
And you are just butt hurt that a brown guy actually knows things about domestic and international law. News flash: not all of us are idiots and terrorists. PS I'm not Muslim, and even if I was, that wouldn't make me any more likely to believe what you implied.
That's the truth u people support and encourage Terrorism ...have u organised candle march , protests shahen bagh drama against Islamic Terrorism ..stopping it ?? No ..u ppl are hypocrites ..
Home you are making excuses for paedophilia. if you look at the percentage of rapes per head of male population Then do the same for Pakistani Muslims if you are focusing on the fact that all the gangs were male then you are an idiot And no better than Naz Shah or Starmer
@MaxBlumenthal @Ajzionts I think your Muslim friends are raping girls around the world. http://t.co/liSKP9U8Uq
Iron brother....are you an idiots... calling Chinese your brother...even after knowing there facts what are they doing to there Muslim minority.
Have you forgot m.bin Qasim, m.gouri , Pani Pat war Muslims mughals and many more we ruled on you from 712 to 1857 idiot after that wo took Pakistan
I really hate people who don't even know a shit about Global and Muslim politics just jump in with their own conspiracy theories. What I'm saying isnt even some fairly tales it mentioned on 100s of books by foreign writer. Make time to read books or you're gona die an idiots
I want a good godly Christian woman that God jesus holy Spirit will send to help me start living right guide lead me god Jesus Holy spirit will help me to I'm tired of living a sinful life i want to change before to late god jesus holy Spirit knows when we want change for good
So #IMPOTUS called the Evangelical magazine "Christianity Today" as "ET" (instead of CT). 45 always lies about those who don't like the Pathological Narcissist. He claims they are "Radical Left." But they are Christian, don't support 45's deceit, + want him removed. #MAGAfail
what conservative policies are those? I can’t imagine a Christian, at least one that takes the teaching of Jesus (as presented in the Bible) as his guide, being able to support this president or his policies. Is #Christian different than regular? Jesus was a radical liberal...
Buddy say thanks to allah that shivsena is not involved till yet , they don't need 70 yr to prove themselves. They r the saviours not terrorist. They don't kill any one on the name of Allah or to spread jihad. As a hindu we believe in humanity,we don't kill people to convert them
no muslim radicals are the real problem in india ... these idiots want to implement islamic states in india many are peddling pakistani narratives. .how many Muslim majority secular democratic countries you can name!!their ends your blah blah
Lol look at the person who is telling me this? Do u ppl respect?&amp; what I'm saying is universal fact! UNITED NATION says it! US president says it Radical islamic terrorism! &amp; Ppl frm country who r systematically killing ther own minorities r telling this philosophical thg! Joke
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost All the land that Islam holds came from war and murder. The US does not occupy a single country anywhere.
It was to build one day. Certainly everyone was waiting for SC verdict. Now verdict was pronounced then what is your problem ? Yiu always kept saying Muslim community would accept whatever judgment comes. Now disturbing communal harmony you idiot.
It's not just this, it means reproductive rights will be taken away, people of color will suffer, there will be more poverty and less government assistance and more radical Christian extremist support in general Fwiw my exp as a therapist makes me think this mostly grief 1/2
Are you a little bit simple? Since lockdown we’ve seen them going to packed Muslim funerals to packed protest marches. They are completely ignoring social distancing rules that the rest of us are abiding to . Idiot.
RT @RudawEnglish: #ISIS has begun recruiting Moroccan prostitutes for its militants in Syria and #Iran, luring them with promises of money …
Non of those that passed called them non-muslims. Everyone even during ottomans saw them as Muslims but you wahabbi idiots will be seeing everyone as non-muslims just because you have secterial difference. If they are doing wrong, their judgement is with their lord...............
Says who! If you with the rest of the idiots out there would like a demonstration on how ineffective masks are I would be happy to show you. You should not believe everything you hear out there without proper research. That’s the problem with today’s society. Monkey see monkey do
What the hell u were doing when Hindu kasmiri pandits were killed in lakhs. Have u written a single article to condemn islamic terrorism. U r doing budhijeevi terrorism unlike lashkar. Have u ever condemned conversion activities by force?hv u condemned genocide in pak
Doesn’t the far right define a Christian woman as one standing barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen and probably doing Barr’s dishes?
"you’re own morals are subjective as well" don't be an idiot, even atheists acknowledge without God there's no objective morals. you're trying to project your own illness onto Muslims, which is just desperation ... try harder and stop lying. Murtaddeen DO support bestiality
This time of cpi(m) gold scam and islamic terrorism on bakrik of killing animals and yes how can u forget the Muhammad prophet film
God wasn’t testing you Bubba. That’s simply karma you’re experiencing. When you chose to lie and deceive, that shit’s on you. Taking a page right from the Donna Brazile I’m a Christian woman playbook BTW here’s some more “non working nooses” you may run into. Be AWARE!
First of all, it's not the Muslims that made the rule you idiot
Preaching islam which is a beautiful religion with so much peace n love for humanity..is jihad ..not going and killing innocent ppl..terrorism has got it totally wrong..terrorists r claiming to b muslims ..if they were they would never harm..as allah swt says “i will forgive if u
But he's being "censored" because they finally put a fact check on his lost egregious bullshit. And for any MAGA idiots complaining about whiny liberals, you spent 8 years bitching about a secret African Muslim who was going to take away your guns and impose Sharia law.
First off she doesn't claim to be Muslim, second if she is she does not speak for all of us, third BLM never gave A damn about Muslims so why should we, fourth leave us out of this. Just because a couple idiots speak you have to generalize. Last, BLM is ethnic racism= unIslamic.
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime Buddhist teaching does not contain violence, hatred, or jihad. Islam does.
I wish India would rise right now against Islamic terrorism &amp; killing of Mr Pandita or Abhinav,Dilbar Negi &amp; many others in Delhi Riots,wish India spoke against Gandhi's for Sikh genocide &amp; genocide of Kashmiri Pandits by islamic terrorists &amp;when u tweet to instigate riots
This mob killed two police man it is ok but we don’t speak about Islamic terrorism bcz we r majority in India but u u people never see in ur own country minority shame on u propaganda makers
@AAlwuhaib1977 All the lies they tell and the mantras they repeat about apartheid, etc. are all scripted propaganda and not spontaneous.
Do not insult him! You dont have the right to call him Idiot No need to pretend you care about muslims and islam a long as you use nasty words that is HAram in islam specially about our Muslim brothers!
WTF is right! This christian woman is caught in Trump's sinister web of deceit &amp; lies. Can anyone trust what she says?
Zulfiqar was scared him and bumlicking him ... he returned and started funding islamic terrorism ... u know what ! you lot are taught a fabricated history all brainwashed therefore i shall refuse to comment further.
I have read Qur'an send from Medina English translated version. I know what is written for Jews Christian and non muslim in Quran. It is book for mentally sick perverted people like isis Taliban terrorist &amp; criminals.
@PressTV Like every Muslim country, they find money for weapons, but they don't have the money for schools.
Every Indian is a Bhakt before they were converted, you are an idiot, by running down Hinduism you are cutting the nose to spite the face. What’s wrong if people proudly claims to be a HINDU! Muslims do it and so does Xtians! Only fools like you make it into a swear word!
BBC was actively participating in brits being idiots and flouting social distancing rules, for street parties and congo lines. Now the narrative seems to be muslims being urged to stay home for eid. Choose to see what you want Golem
Tareek sahab is a blessing to humanity n zakir naik is a curse for the world who promotes jihad n terrorism those who don't understand this simple human psychology are also like zakir naik.. I mean terrorist mentality
@_enzk @NNdabbour64 And if someone wants to leave Islam, then Islam declares him an apostate and demands that he be murdered.
Idiot. India ll end up in civil war. If Indian Muslims n Dalits wake up like black did in India ll be doomed sooner than you think
Christians are just as dumb as Muslims are just as dumb as every other made up religion that only exists to enforce misogyny you idiots.
@SevilZadeh What does ISIS do that the prophet Mohammed did not also do?
Dam I had no idea you were ignorant and just assumed someones status based off a candidate. I didn’t assume you were a radical socialist even though you support one. I really expected more from someone who calls themselves a Christian.
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @rfrankh53 @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija No Muslim land has ever lived under anything but tyrants, dummy.
You didn't, and yes I called you an idiot. You're being super manipulative right now, and I'm done. You don't want a genuine conversation about the issues Muslim communities have, you just want to instigate people to get upset and have an ideological battle. Not doing it.
@ZorazZora @zackbeauchamp This is an idiotic study made with an objective in mind.  Terrorism is not included in the murder rate.
@KamelNasrEldien True, no other ideology is as vile, murderous, backwards and stupid as Islam.
So she’s a lying poor excuse of a Christian woman
Sorry but don't say that you are also a part of BJP grand plan to polarise Hindus and Muslims. For Idiots like you "Earth is still Flat". Enjoy your theory.
There has never been a historical Assamese Muslim society... you think Ahoms will let Miyas stay &amp; push Islam in Assam? The Miyas make up historical narratives all the time... then the Commies &amp; other useful idiots spread these lies &amp; historical revisions like the holy gospels...
This verse from surah al Ma'idah .. shows you that muslims just don't do what the quran says cuz if they did ISIS would've never existed they just follow what they want and what they desire. If you read the Quran you would understand that muslims aren't terrorists! Educate urself https://twitter.com/HowBoutNosweeti/status/1266128009901326339
Thank you Mr President we all support your viewpoint, the radical leftwing, antisemitic, antichristian, anti life, law breaking Democrats should realize that no Christian, Jew, or American loyalist should ever vote for the anti American Democrats. MAGA.
you were “radicalized” to a traditional conservative and dated a *gasp* Christian woman all the while never becoming truly “alt” right. Then by *gasp* free will you started to watch other videos and turned left again. Quit demonizing conservatives. You’re leading to censorship!!
I’m not surprised you’d reference a crackpot idiot who claims, for example, that there was no massacre of Muslims in Srebrenica... Nice company you keep!!!
That's because people like you are just useful idiots for them. There are 53 muslim countries and each of them officially treat non-muslims as second grade citizens. Jogendra Nath Mandal's example is valid here is because he too was only used as an useful idiot for their goal.
The original issue was the damn people in the video coughing like idiots, but everyone chose to focus on me requesting to not be lumped in with those morons. I would never lump “all muslims” in with osama bin laden...its the same damn thing and you’re not seeing that.
Khotay dia putra what's tax money connection with mandir? How many mosques Indian govt have built Muslims for India on the basis that Muslims pay taxes. Not a single one. Hollow people hollow logic you endian idiots
@Don_Omar_Ar One of the vile things about Islam is that it murders people for exercising their freedom of speech.
@FarooqSumar @NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal Wrong again. Islam = Nazism.  And Muslim murderers have exterminated Jews.
Ban radical pissslam to save humanity. Radical jihad_s terrorist.
@discerningmumin By practicing Islam you are vomiting on all Jews, Christians and non believers. Check code of Umar. http://t.co/ArxeP7L88p
@hananehs @haaretzcom As they see more and more of the vileness of Islam in action they will change their minds. http://t.co/nPOd1nWqZe
Name one other non-Muslim majority nation which gives subsidies for Muslims to go to Mecca but not Hindus for their own pilgrimage in the land of Hindus. But no, you people only want to eat in India and speak about other countries. Be thankful idiots.
Why isalm Has A Christian Queen He Chose His Prophet Of All Nations They Hate And Have Done Everything To Keep From Saving Them Christians 6 Years They Can't Tweet For One Christian Woman Of God Amazing Right TICK TOCK ISALM
@IlhanMN your political group are the founders of the KKK the Jim Crow law Slavery in America and those statues that your love tearing down what idiots ilhan you should be ashamed of yourself but I guess that is part of Muslim culture
@zh_ha89 I don't have a "book". I have several hundred books. Here is a couple that expose the vileness of Islam. http://t.co/dnKmh61Rl9
@discerningmumin It's not a prophet competition. It's about following a fraud who owned slaves, had people murdered, was a bigot, etc.
So what do want? Jihad?Removing soldiers from there to promote unabated movement of jihadis and separatist, terrorists, inside the country?Imagine if for once the army boycotts their duty, what will happen then?Its sad when people promote jihadis in the name of humanity.Good luck
Except he was talking about idiots like you calling him Muslim and he was interrupted by George. Obama then reiterated what he was saying. So you got nothing again?
You know what,I realised Dumb-Boris passed very oppressive comments on muslim women s burka,he never said sorry,cummings breaking lockdown rule and he isnt sorry,it tells,they r idiots,arrogant+ignorants very dangerous ,Its,American politics-trend not Britain
Holding up placards of 'Black lives matter' whilst supporting the brutal killings of muslims being killed in the name of terrorists, beef, love jihad . By this hypocrisy what more shame humanity will bring to the mother Earth. #BlackLivesMatter
as a gay man, living with HIV, surviving AIDS & cancer, it's sad saying that I have received more love, understanding and support from conservative strangers and Christians than most of my gay friends I've known for decades. Corrupt, radical Democrats have ruined 1/2 of the US.
Like you hv never spoken against Pak sponsored islamic terrorism in JK. It's done. We know u will never speak.
@AbuYigitAlCahrz @LeonardoMaxwel1 Another barbaric aspect of Islam is to murder people for the way they were born.
@JenniHesterman Religion is a factor.  ISIS kills Sunnis for disobedience.  They kill religious minorities just for being non Sunni Muslims.
those terrorists has lost their humanity, their mind, even their own life. All in the name of jihad is not islam
Idiot they were kshatriyas by caste whether ashoka or chandragupta and they were made king by a brahmin kautilya why are you silent on muslims destroying budha statutes in pakistan and afghanistan
What's your point Mark? Sure call me an idiot. Call me whatever. But can you see the hypocrisy? Or are you willing to look the other way coz the person responsible for the war crimes is a left leaning guy? Bet you also turn a blind eye to Uighur Muslims being tormented in China?
Be scared America! Stay scared! We need you scared all the time so you’ll keep voting for idiots like me! So many people are coming for you: Mexicans! US citizens that aren’t white! China! Arabs! Muslims! We don’t want you educated, healthy, or free, but we need you protected!
one, he banned Muslims from countries which had a high count of terrorism; between 5-7 of them. Muslims are still allowed in the country you idiot, just not from the ones which could possibly allowed terrorists into the United States and kill people.
You just juggle topics to suit your narrative it's really pathetic. Im tackling the "Muslim brotherhood" which she happens to be a voice for but because youre so narrow minded you only saw what you wanted to see. im wasting my time. Im done talking to idiots! زحلق
So Islam is a tablet that you push down the throat of someone followed by a glass of water and they become Muslim? It's a life time process idiot. Who guards them for the rest of their lives that they don't revert back to Hinduism? Who is converting Europeans &amp; Americans to Islam
if you can show me where I claimed Corbyn is antisemitic, do. And I didn't just use the 'idiot' MN, I 'used' a range of people of Muslim heritage, you focus on MN bc he's the only one you've heard of. Keep laughing bud, but your politics are hated by most people, enjoy ur bubble
i am literally quaking in my boots right now. you keep your satanic chants away from me. i am a good christian woman.
Dear Muslims, keep the 'Imam-e-Hind' joke within your community, as you know we don't share your 'beliefs'. Please don't push Hindus much, as you know, it's a very sensitive issue and might get out of control and people might be forced to teach such idiots a lesson themselves!!
One is killing people u idiot. Aya Sophia is Muslim property and has been for centuries. Furthermore u Christians do not even pray. Also if it wasn't changed to a museum you would not of even knowing en or complained. Uf making noise because others did
What a warrior you are to tough it out. And you did it" in silence so as not to upset the men". Like any upstanding young Christian woman who knows her place. Statement courtesy of far right evangelical movement I think. Or I just made it up. Great bolt young lady, thanks.
In India hindus need guns to defend frm islamic terrorism like Americans people has.. to be a hindu in bharat nd in this world is becoming very dangerous to me and many.... #moblynching #PalgharMoblynching #JusticeForHinduSadhus #Palghar What U People Say...??
For our non-Iranian friends who haven’t seen it all, this is a Japanese Shia Muslim mullah giving a sermon in Japanese in #Iran. This is the crap the Iranian tax payer pays for. Importing and training brain washed idiots from other countries. Now, you’ve see it all!
Completely agree with you. Just pisses me off when Indian Hindus try to point fingers at Muslims and think they are clean. They are brainwashed by their Godi media led by that idiot Arnab.
Now a pakistani taught me humanity the creators of Taliban or Alkayada types terrorist group on the name of jihad for destroying whole Afghanistan killing people's and u still know what your army have done in Bangladesh corfew is for safety from your fake propganda
RT @RavenHUWolf: Many of the ISIS members are walking "stoners" ~ even #daesh #Emwazi #JihadiJohn it's been rumored he's high on #Khat http…
U should also write twit on Islamic attacked on kashmiri brahman. Islamic terrorism in india
Without knowing truth you are going but Don't care nothing will happen if u want to go then your most welcome .first of all stop Islamic Terrorism . India is not your Country here all people have 'Free to Speech' . And here people choose government
I’m a wife, mother, Christian, hard working RN. I’m also a Democrat. I’m not a socialist, radical, or anarchist. I support Project Lincoln because YOUR activities are offensive to my every waking moment.
The world woke up and saw ur acts of supporting radical Islamic terrorism... that’s why u r begging all around the world..
@UmarMal You sound like an Islamolunatic.
@stevensackur hey man, you know if you'd be muslim and died today, exactly 72 hotties would be waiting for you on the other side. Thanks for taking this idiot to town and rest of them.
Our politicians make inane speeches about freedom of speech while studiously avoiding the real source of the problem, the violence in #Islam
Email I received: "As a CHRISTIAN WOMAN, I am disappointed with your inclusion of the Antichrist in your book. The homosexual couple was fine." GAY RIGHTS. (I wanted to send her Blasphemy in response.)
@IAmThe1Teacher The Quran spend 1/3 of it's space hating on "unbelievers".  That's hard to put aside. http://t.co/fQ99V6SIYG
is attacker was Black christian then its BLM protestor. if Black Muslims , then BLM protestor related to Islamic terrorism. Lo. what do u want to say.
You're an idiot! My point is: under Biafra, religious bigotry will still be an issue. We are seeing it from distance because our spectre is adjusted to see Muslims now. We will know we have as much bigots when(if) Biafra do come.
As a Christian woman please let me say: it is illogical to use religious reasons to support your opposition. Saying no one should have that right is assuming everyone lives their life by YOUR ideology/faith &amp;completely ignores that people simply follow OTHER RELIGIONS &amp;WORLDVIEWS
Black is dangerous like Islam followers n if Islam follower is black than he is like isis cruel terrorist ..world is fed up with Islam followers..Islam has prob in root n root is Quran ..find out in Quran
@mirebotan84 @RamiAlLolah Considering what those "local Arabs" did to Kurds, Christians, Assyrians, Ezidiz, etc., who cares.
@MaxBlumenthal @NYTOpinionator @Volker_Beck Blumenthal's silence on Muslim bigotry, and it's cost.
#LiberalParty #Trudeau AT IT AGAIN! EVERY UNION,LOBBYIST, FOREIGN INTEREST, COMMUNIST, RADICAL...CAN SUPPORT THEM, BUT ITS INVESTIGATION TIME IF YOUR #Christian &amp;SUPPORT A CONSERVATIVE, SHAME!! Elections #Canada is investigating pro-lifers https://youtu.be/L98S47mhHd0 via @YouTube
Just happened across Type O Negative's "Christian Woman" in my #Rocksmith library. Was unfamiliar with them but I recall, I think, Mr Stevens rating them highly on the @Rocksmithgame @twitch stream one time. So I picked it up. Right at my current ability level too. Nice
My dear son @Mahmood58507887 u actually don't knw wt "Hindutva" means but you add that "hindutva terrorism" dat doesn't make any sense coz this type of thing doesn't exist whereas whole world can easily tell you about "islamic terrorism". So just have a peek into and then say
What the fuck are you even talking about? She’s specifically talking about the racist men using the Muslim grooming gangs to be racist you idiot, keep your mouth shut when you’re not educated on topics.
It’s not Hui muslims you idiot, it’s about ethic Ugyhur muslims
whatever those terrorists are quoting are also not based on what majority of Islamic followers believe in, isis terrorists might think that they're quoting quran but in reality they're quoting what they understood when they read quran because most of Islamic followers ...
Hispanics who support Trump are equivalent to radical Christians who get tattoos of bible verses
RT @TheRightWingM: Giuliani watched his city attacked &amp; people jump to their deaths. He's entitled to say WTF he wants about the guy shield…
you are avoiding. Now you deny that Turks and other Muslims civillians lived in the mainland. İdiot
The “terrorists” you’re thinking about only make up about handful of all Muslims. Those that I know have completely denounced them and their violations of the rules in the Quran. Saying that Isis represents islam is like saying that a Christian serial killer represents all of us.
“Waiting for the rug to be pulled out from under you is exhausting!” Anyone feeling that way right now? Thank you to the beautiful Miss Wisconsin but most importantly faithfully strong Christian woman @kateredeker… https://www.instagram.com/p/B_Kcgs8ASdY/?igshid=1nnupacf3awco
@BurcuCekmece Mullah Oktar is a liar and an Islamofanatic.  He hates the YPG for their secularism, so he makes up garbage about them
Now do Islamic terrorism in the U.S. vs white-on-white crime
first you tell, why did muslim invaders come to india uninvited.. we indians never invited these idiots in the first place.. did we hindus go and invade any muslim country and destroy their nation.. what kind of logic are you talking...
@LUVSHINECAFE @bradybaggett We need to outlaw Islam outright.
the right thing to do? I as a Christian woman and a Southern Baptist, strongly demand that you tell the truth. Take responsibility. You have already lost millions of dollars because of PP, don't lose your credibility too. #6
ISRAEL has NEVER started a war with Muslim Jihad Terrorist. ISRAEL has The RIGHT to Defend ISRAEL. Jihad terrorists should be permanently stopped on a Global level. Next to Abortion, Jihad Terrorism is the Biggest Threat to Humanity.
Home grown terrorist, We indians also had these type of terrorists, This is called love jihad . Sorry I haven't more knowledge of english but hope you understand what I want to say. The followers of koran are becoming cancer for world and humanity.
Where they are putting blacks and Muslim into contraction camps and harvesting their orgens. Where the black population is actually oprressed and is denied into every single store because of the color of skin your anger should be towards China not America you Marxist idiot
We don't hate Muslims.. We hate illiterate idiots who being 11years as senator of a country still has not learnt abc of diplomatic manners.. Who the hell are you to comment on my country? I am glad you are at last learning int history from directly from Twitter..
@cdnKhadija @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @98Halima @rfrankh53 We don't make prophets out of pedophile priests. We get rid of them.
Mr javed u e get everything from india n indian maximum population is hindu n in ur conversation is always anti hindu n show that Muslims is victims in india which is not true as of now ur mindset is effected by urban redical islamic terrorism
This idiot just doesn't get it..!! The point of my statement was..to not promote religious violence that's it..and it was a simple solution..because neither will Hindu's like you back down..neither will muslims who join aimim backdown to kya marne maarne ka kaam kre?
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime He didn't discuss their wealth, he discussed Islam's barbarity.
We Muslims have contibuted alot in science. We give them money and they sell us their items. idiot its trade not begging. Improve your knowledge you illiterate roadshitter indian.
One more thing same zillion do not associate with islamist. Then did u say Islamic terrorism?
My question for those of you who support a technocratic world government, and seek to suppress free speech and democratic accountability, is why on Earth you think *you're* the counterculture, or in some way radical! The proletariat you think you patronise rejects you every time!
Mueller, 26, was an American Christian woman and human rights activist who was kidnapped by ISIS terrorists. 'Something that people should know': Mission to kill #Baghdadi named after ISIS victim Kayla Mueller https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/something-that-people-should-know-mission-to-kill-baghdadi-named-for-isis-victim-kayla-mueller?_amp=true&amp;__twitter_impression=true
No stolen valour here chap I can categorically assure you that. Classy... you'll probably be one of those idiots moaning about poppies and Muslims come November - don't worry, you're sentiments won't be worth shit then just as they aren't now proud to be a veteran...
If I ever meet you, I’m buying the ice cream (I assume as a Christian woman you do like ice cream right?!?)
guys why did no one inform me we're islams now??? I've been calling myself a muslim like a downright idiot, the least you could've done is inform me of this name change
Baat bs itni si smjhana chah rahi ki you can not generalise a whole community based on some individual’s act . There are ao many Idiot hindus and there are so many stupid muslims and so is with other religions . You can not say ki muslims aise hi hote hai
Making love with equipment to another good Christian woman am I right ladies
@MaxBlumenthal Every border that Islam shares with every other religion is bloody. But we are suppose to believe it's the Jews fault.
Lol who told you I supported that gobar and gaumutra will cure corona? This is your problem Madrasa-chaap. Millions of Islamic extremists butcher non muslims still you can't generalise Terrorism with Islam, but few idiots do something then entire Hindu community is gobar eating?
Stop giving idiots on this platform the time of day You’re providing material to the islamophobes who live for this idiocy Also to all the US Muslims using this time to tweet “erMAgaHDd yEwKAy moZliMz aRE sO eXtREme” take your crap takes &amp; go do one
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And is this a lie that westerners created? http://t.co/qbghh9xgCo
So many lies about Hillary. They have really done a number on her. If you only knew- she is a God-fearing, Christian woman who practices her faith &amp; has done more good for women &amp; children than most of you reading this. Stop watching the far right media &amp; do your own research.
@LifeInKhilafah The cancer of Islam pushes even babies to begin thinking about murdering their fellow human beings.
My wife doesn't work at the bar. She's a God fearing Christian woman who's the nicest person you'll ever meet.. My daughter is 15, straight A student. Plays violen, piano, flute, and ukelalie (?) Where's autocorrect when I need it lol... Everything is so fucked up right now..
Not even Messiah's can salvege any religion. Moses & Christ just couple of examples.Its the people themselves who needs to find solutions. More people like u criticise &amp; pick out so called "Islamic Terrorism" more it will make us look for solutions to come out of this mess.
Still not a word about condemning the islamic terrorism in which innocent people are suffering . Of course u r supporter of islamic jehad.
You’re the one bringing up the Quran and supporting IOF terrorists. IOF protects and protects ISIS. WAKE UP !!!
What about Agias Sophia idiot that your Muslim Mongolian brother threats to change status to Mosque , betrayer shame on you
The usual-because it's true-Islam is not a religion of peace-It's a cancer and needs to be eradicated across the globe-basically how you Muslims(or idiots that take their side) view the Jews-the rest of the world views yall the same way-Evil!Only its facts we see, not allahs will
You think I don't know about the Uyghurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz and other muslims being held, tracked and "reeducated" by Xi's government? See? you're an idiot and a fool.
Do you support an open, #progressive and theologically radical voice within Christianity? Are you worried by the shrillness of conservative Christian voices, &amp; the damaging effect they have on people’s perception of #Christianity? Visit PCN Britain! https://www.pcnbritain.org.uk/
Pakistan's minister for Human Rights says she's following up on the horrific case of a Christian woman who says her disabled daughter was seized by pimps and is being used as a sex slave. The mother says police did not take her complaint seriously.
According to hack reporter @kevinrose and the @nytimes dating a Christian woman and arguing w liberal friends makes you on the road to the alt right. #hackjournalism #propaganda #grayoldhooker
Fine Christian woman right there, god has to be so proud
Oops did she know it was going to be translated? Yes, Muslims want Homosexuals dead. Yet idiot LGBT's march shouting LGBT against Israel &amp; for Palestine. Hate to tell you they kill homosexuals in Palestine.
By using the term hindutva you are hurting sentiment of all hindus and alienating all of muslim community in India. There are idiots no doubt but stop classifying them to religion. Analogy : It's like calling whole islamic religion terrorists when most of them are not.
I haven't listened to any Rage Against the Machine since their first album. It was great but that was right after Type O Negative's Bloddy Kisses album was released and still my favorite band and album. I highly recommend Christian woman if you haven't heard it.
Islamic terrorism?? Cool brother!! Btw please do not add islamic before terrorism. U must understand what is terrorism. Pls kindly share your perception. what do you mean by terrorism!? Bhkton s anurodh h khulkr samne ayein satta aap hi ki h janab koi kuchh keh de bhla!
I’m a Christian woman. And #BlackLivesMatter God loves everyone because he made us all. But right now He would ask us to help out black brothers and sisters as they are suffering.
Your intent is understood, Lisa. As a Christian, I support the black lives matter statement &amp; cause. But, the official BLM org is a radical left, Marxist group taking advantage of the current crisis to push their subversive agenda. We must separate the two.
I was called a right wing, fundamental Christian woman t'other day.....not bad for a labour voting, atheist male.....
@TheDemocrats have embraced radical Islam. How any American Jew can support @TheDemocrats is beyond reason.
Only thing Trumo has said against Muslims is that there are terrorists within their ideology. and there are. And the Quran actually affirms much of what ISIS preaches, but that's another conversation. Read the Quran if you ever get a chance. I have.
@dankmtl And the number of Christians in Israel is increasing, while in all Muslim countries it is shrinking.
Id guess youd get thousands of Muslim volunteers to help you This idiots vote counts the same as eveyone else. Make sure you outnumber them
All #Wahhabis are #Potential #Terrorists! http://bit.ly/292C6Rg by HH #YounusAlGohar MUST WATCH VIDEO FOR ALL #Muslims #ExMuslims #Wahhabism #Salafism #Deobandi #Islam #Quran #Muhammad #Koran #ISIS #Taliban #AlQaeda #BokoHaram #AlShabab #Daesh #IslamicState #IS #ISIL
to the hypocritical white muslims (albanians, bosnians, etc) who voted the orange idiot into office, and who choose not to use their white privilege to stand up for black people to this day: ALLAH SWT IS WATCHING YOU
Which god among millions ? Muslims say Qoran given by god same Christians saying. You're all fanatic dumb idiots. Tell me single purpose of Vedas ? Economically, defence, Politically.
@MCABBAS You ass hole now you have been funded to burn india just like America to creat a false narrative on Dalits and muslims . You idiot all life matters and I warn yor if You try and creat the same ruskus here in India You will be dealt under law and rules of land of India .
RT @joej2020usa: Netanyahu: Paris Massacre Shows Radical Islam “Knows No Border” - Israel News http://t.co/kGGkulkTtp via @binalerts
Totally with you.....only fools voted for the idiots who call themselves MPs, totally be racists against white and I'm sick of it, labour have totally divided this country, how about all the muslims schools only for muslims ? How about the rape and murder of Somalian women ?
Faye idiot comments on Hindu traditions. Want to change them. And who gave the right to you? You and the other Muslims commenting here ? Muslims don't even let their wives speak openly. They're responsible for inbreeding depression. This Faye is another suvara. Shame on you.
oh did you miss the part about the separation of church and state? you can’t make laws based on your beliefs. if a christian woman doesn’t want an abortion bc of her faith then that’s on her but that doesn’t mean i shouldn’t have that right.
Kaffir means non believer, so if you're not a muslim you're a non believer and therefore you're a kaffir. Idiot.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Yes, Muslims, including their prophet, revel in their illiteracy.
You and this idiot are same. He say bad words to hindus. You say bad words to Muslims. And we listen both of the shit and clap accordingly. Pls do not spread hatred I request both of you. I see both are same. Let hindu and Muslim live in peace.
And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. #Weary #Tired #Discouraged #Right #Harvest #Season #Reap #Blessing #Faint #Quit #Due #Truth #Trust #Lord #Hope #LifeCoach #Christian #Woman #Empowerment #Specialist #ThatSettlesIt
First,you’re an idiot. Second, the tweets in your picture are not referring to “travel bans” enacted to stop COVID, they are in response to anti-black/Muslim policies by trump. Third, Trump only put COVID bans on non-white countries,leaving travel from EU to cause huge #of cases
Lol muslim countries are nothing in front of west. Arabs themselves are bootlickers of US. And btw shall I remind u that these western countries are the one who supports islamic terrorism so that developing countries remain developed.
@aimim_national @AimimFansClub @AIMIMONLY @asadowaisi @imAkbarOwaisi That muslim women will definitely felt bad of being born in Jihadis community. Shame of you idiots.. Women is like Maata. Alla jo bola tum nahi kiya. Jo saitan bola woh kar raha hai tum log... Sharam nahi hai??
So innocent people die at the hands of a Muslim terrorist. This deranged idiot seems to think it was their fault. @pritipatel and @metpoliceuk enough already. Investigate @Pinna1011 Prove to us, the silent majority, who voted for you that you really are the Law and Order Party.
All I see is idiots bashing the Prophet of Islam. And you say ppl are wrong to accuse you of bigotry against Muslims? Resorting to name calling is a sign the person has nothing of intellect to contribute and diminishes any credibility.
they are not liberal economically , you say bs . they are not sometimes economically to the left . Do you realize OJ anc CL want the labour to be more radical and support the economic program of Mcdonnell and 4d of work ?
Lol there will be no so called “Khalifa" when the CCP starts taking over, no matter if it's the hindus, Muslims, Christians or Sikhs. Y'all be literally begging the CCP to provide you some food. It will be all you religious idiots begging for your life. So dreams on till you can.
I am sunni Muslim and just followed you you are our Muslim brother dont listen to few idiots
Smart, sharp, accomplished, beautiful, Christian woman who keeps level head, quick with &amp; determination for what's right. Love her!
@DianH4 By showing your love of a genocidal animal like Baghdadi you have given the reason why Islam must be exterminated.
Muslims support you against PETA. Ban these idiots who think animals are like human.
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs It already is a war.  Islam has been at war for 1400 years. Ignorant, cowardly people try to hide from the fact
@deespeak what was that??? That time u all came out in candle march But criticising this.... It clearly shows that u felt bad as @sambitswaraj trying to show the brutality of Islamic Terrorists.... This criticism of "Islamic Terrorism" hurts u.
Absolutely wrong, you will believe anything, like payouts to a porn star were a personal loan right? For such a Christian woman you tolerate a lot of unchristian behavior from your boss
From left to right: Albanian Muslim woman, villager, Bulgarian Christian woman. Prizren
First - be careful with calling me stupid. It seems you are the idiot. Second: You should know, that the statistics dealing with antisemitic offenes are incorrect. Every case that is not completley clear (which are Most) is counted as extreme right. Even those done by muslims.
@ZamiraTwitt On the contrary, the brutal, bigoted, sexist god of Islam encourages the abuse of women. http://t.co/AFuW9Veuu6
If you believe shit like this, you’re a fucking idiot. Muslims don’t want to invade us, it’s the other way around, assholes.
Need to get more people to protest without mask only then maybe the idiots will realize you weren't born with a mask and wearing one isn't going to stop you from dying so quit looking like a Muslim or someone with a beard and enjoy life bc your not getting out of life alive,
I don't know what kind of Islam a Terrorist group like ISIS follows. They have Sex slaves. While islam says without Nikah having sex is biggest crime They kill innocent people call it jihad while islam says killing 1 human is equal to killing whole humanity
Why do you support the Radical Catholic Theocrat Guy Fawkes? Are you one of those radical militant Christians I keep hearing about on NPR?
can someone say "faux Christians" - the level of deception by those who claim to be "Christians" and support the evil that the Left represents - from abortion, to socialism, to Globalism, to fake science (manmade climate change), to radical LGBT activism, and the list goes on.
The tea party, the christian right, the radical right, the alt-right, the libertarian wing, the white supremacists that support &amp; praise your rhetoric &amp; the complicit moderate republicans have destroyed the Repub. party.
@tariqahmadbt The idiots don't understand that the prophet of Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago. http://t.co/fHElksY54r
Never, apparently, which begs the question, or at least it must make you beg the question, why would any half intelligent woman identify themselves as a Muslim, when, as you keep saying, it is so oppressive towards them. What 'idiot' woman would love Islam eh Deepak, as many do!
1 or 2 idiots ? Let me remind you that 47% of hate crimes in 2018/19 were targeted against Muslims. This country isn’t as “safe” as you make it out to be, and if you think Muslim women wear the hijab without fear you’re very VERY ignorant
More complaining from the Five Time Draft Dodger, Far Right Radical trump. Leave if you don’t like it! Remember Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians) you claim to love your country, but support a Five Time Draft Dodger who Failed!You can’t teach stupid!
@discerningmumin Actually, Muslims enslaved far more than anyone else. The prophet Mohammed was a slave trader. Jesus had no slaves.
Do you want to talk about the knife attacks in Great Britain or would you like to also outlaw cutlery? How about muslim rape gangs? It's OK because there's no guns right?
There are other journalist as well who are behind bars or killed because they were honest to their profession not like these idiots who propagate bjp agenda, you know these names better than I do, atleast in the month of Ramadan be honest to your self as a Muslim
@JohnMannMP @JoRitson Now you assholes continue to victimize those girls by trying to create distractions while letting the rapists go free.
Not seen you or the other so called celebrities speaking out against the racist attacks against White English children who were targeted in their thousands by gangs of Muslim men but no you virtue signalling idiots don't want to talk about those racist attacks do you @LoganPaul
Bombshell: George Soros Under Investigation…It’s About Time! | Tea Party 247 Behind every suspicious event wondered has t $came-to support radical,communist anti Semitic anti Christian&amp;thugs such as onlymatter,Antifa illegals in USfollow t$trail Soros https://www.teaparty247.org/bombshell-george-soros-under-investigation-its-about-time/
Lol that lovely word again integrate spare me the bullshit I personally know 10 British Pakistani Muslims working on the front line in the NHS saving lives and even saving racist idiots like you. Many thousands are doing it daily.
My great grandmother a Christian woman born in Syria in the late 1890’s always told her children never trust the moslems. She was right.
@ClassicDCoy @billmaher What - are you stupid.  There is nothing that compares to the inhumanity and barbarity of Islam.
Yes please, but make sure you through the ones that are sane. Unfortunately, we too have a lot of idiots, who know nothing of what's happened and tweet stupidity as such. I wish you were this passionate against the ones showing hatred towards Islam and Muslims.
@Kaya786 @fai3an_H Islam is not a race, microbrain, it is a death cult.
Lol he has a cheap Android Phone Qatar are using propaganda because a lot of people believed in US PROPANGADA so they are Capitalizing on the clout and clicks and relevancy that's it Pajeet LOL do you think Arab Gulf Muslim care about Chinese Muslim, idiot Pajeet I'm waitingSEX
Anti-fascist: "We don't want anyone to be in a submissive role to anyone else in this world. Women cannot submit to men." Christian woman: "How are you going to do that?" Anti-fascist: "We are going to use the force of the state to force everyone to submit to our demands."
blm,antifa,Muslim brotherhood,BDS(Boycott divestment and sanctions),ISM(International solidarity movement),RPC OR REVCOM( Revaluation Communist party),Democrats, the useful idiot rioters,Linda Sarsour,Nihad Awad &amp; the council of American-Islamic relations,National lawyers guild,
Well you could see a difference between IRA killers and Muslim killers - I couldn’t, they are both mindles idiot groupings!
This is not jihad this is crime against humanity by Pak sponsored terrorist as they using 11years old boy for your selfish act .very cruel
On one hand you call 'Rajtarangni' written in 12th century (before Muslim rule) as a myth, but boast that your assessment (without any evidence) about Pandits during Mughal rule is true. This sort of #fakery may win you brownie points among idiots!, but is totally illogical.
You mean how country folk want nothing to do with the muslim BLM movement or the fascist antifa idiots rioting. I mean let's all act like spoiled brats throwing a temper tantrum to get our way! I agree with the store, antifa and BLM can keep eating themselves in the blue cities.
@_d_n_verg_ @stevesalaita The filth of the Palestinian head choppers and honor killers and genocidal maniacs is there for the world to see.
Whoever is "their" in your mentioned tweet are jerks, a whole green flag doesn't look good to my eyes. Minorities are our backbone. Stay strong don't get disheartened these idiots are gonna taste their medicine soon. I being a Muslim and being a Pakistani support you.
You fucking idiot Muslims controlled 50% of Indian lands for 600 years. That’s it. In our history of 40000 years we were ruled by invaders for just 600 years I.e 1.2% of the times
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal That list of crimes describes what Muslims have been doing to Jews in the ME for 1400 years.
@pravingandhino1 stop expressing ur level of illiteracy!Jihad&amp; brain washing r two diff things!those r terrorists they cnt tolerate humanity
Hmm the whole world can see it .Terrorism is a proof and u r the islamic terrorism son. U guys are bluddy murderer for those innocent who have been killed by Islamic bugs.karama never forgives.
Was I suposed to believe the Hildabeast of the #ClintonBodyBags that “ALL MUSLIMS ARE PEACEFUL!” ?? That’s as realistic as all people saying they are gay can be trusted as a baby sitter OR ELSE you get a fine or jail time. Idiots
As a Christian who decided to "keep the faith," the positive, radical "care for the poor &amp; the downtrodden" is why I did - &amp; integral to who I am today. So to see Evangelicals support Tr*mp, who represents everything Jesus hated is appalling. https://youtu.be/pqGd9fHz0jg via @YouTube
Well said.! It's abt 2000 yrs ... The only thing these islamic lunatics hav done, is wage #jihad across d entire planet; "Convert" beautiful, serene countries into battlegrounds n breeding camps 4 #Terrorists. Their only invention/contribution 2 humanity is "suicide bombers".
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Here is the Quran stating that the witness of a woman is worth half that of a man. #Islam http://t.co/qlZFV7ZXkJ
@Zeke311 Now if Hollande and other leaders will only understand that the Islam of the Quran is radical Islam. Outlaw Islam!
@labajetta_mike @RednetSarah @ISIS_Med Let me guess, you've got no friends and no career.  Either that or you are a psychopath.
LGBTQ EVIL DEMS SUPPORT RADICAL ISLAM ALL ISLAM RADICAL MUSLIMS WILL MURDER ALL THOSE THEY DON’T LIKE BUT THEN SO WILL SOCIALIST BABY KILLING AMERICA DESTROYING DEMS DEMS WANT TO ELIMINATE CHRISTIANS WITHOUT CHRISTIANS NO ONE IS SAFE FROM EVIL SATANIC FORCES
Ok Confession I'm semi-retired clergy social justice radical Not Christian As chaplain/hospice support ppl of all faith Ppl who live freely &amp; ethically past defining Basically all who care w/ heart Know I get blocks bc ppl lay a ton of history experiences aversion on open spirit
As I said earlier, u being an islamic terrorism apologist does not make it Islamophobia when u r countered.
India had Muslim president Muslim army chief and even Muslim captain of cricket team. Don't talk about stupidly if you don't know anything idiot all Muslims get same rights as all citizens get and INDIA is world's largest democracy and never had military dictatorship like you.
New KeralaUS voices deep concern over rights abuses faced by Pak ...Referring to the acquittal of Christian woman Asia Bibi on blasphemy charges, which enabled her safe departure from the country, Wells said the apex court's ...3 mins ago https://www.newkerala.com/news/read/234069/us-voices-deep-concern-over-rights-abuses-faced-by-pak-minorities.html #atheism #atheist
How about go back FURTHER and ask the Africans who sold your ancestors into slavery for reparations, THEN go ask the Muslims for reparations and to STOP ENSLAVING THE BLACK RACE, your a fucking idiot and a coward if you don't do it https://twitter.com/warrior4_trump/status/1277800610058960897
The whole isis is to blame for — ISIS are not even Muslims lol. I clearly said....there are many claiming to be Muslims who are terrorists. Doesn't change the FACT that it's not based off the Quran. Also depends on which Countries you've lived in.
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Any chance that Salon understands what most Muslims think about some very primitive ideas? No. http://t.co/XyFCs9RZd7
Uh excuse you I myself am muslim and the disgusting shit that ISIS and other "muslim" terrorist groups do is not muslim. The Quran doesn't condone it and true muslims to not condone it. Terrorist organizations twist around the words of the Quran to suit their own benefit.
Woke up to a text from my mom condemning me on my behavior for speaking out against Trump on insta... Must be doing something right if she's so heated about me saying fuck Trump. It's sad a Christian woman like her can't speak out for all the black lives being taken, though.
What's happening in WB, why you idiots not writting. Today some muslims burnt Hindus houses, india ke naam pe kalank...
@Saeed6Ali @MaxBlumenthal @DaraDeBrun Want to see totally insane rantings, look at Bloomenthal's terrorist friends. https://t.co/8cmfoOZwxz
@KellyTurner99 Again, airhead, they died because of hate because Islam encourages that hate.
What an idiot you are! In fact you have exposed your own hypocrisy! You guys come out in blaming every Hindu rituals but when it comes to Muslims, you guys run away. Last time you tried a bit and we know how you were thrashed!
Right. So-called deeply Christian woman, is happy to campaign for a man who was unfaithful to all three of his wives, has had numerous sexual assault claims made against him and paid off the porn star he slept with. Got it.
U @UN @UNHumanRights @POTUS r murderer of This pakistani minorities...becoz of not isolating pakistan Over radical islamic terrorism...shame on u
Since you asked for idiots, a lot of jews might come. But, here I am - a Muslim, whose ancestors did come up with universities and algebra.
A “Good Christian Woman” who paraphrases Scripture with colorful language. Right. #Greenleaf
Remember the last race? She was cribbing questions to Hill exore the debates and then said she was a “Christian woman”. Ms McDaniel, you have 1st amendment rights and please continue to use them. Tell @donnabrazile to go....well...jump.
It’s hard to understand this idiot. He cries out loud for art 370 and then churns are out tweets like this. You can now logical understand why. They think their opposition to art 370 will make indian Muslims happy and the fire will vote for cong while Chinese tweets have no vote.
count the same for Christianity. the muslims were in my wars you idiot. what period are you looking at? you cant come up with that conclusion if you havent checked other religions.
There's no Muslim ban, you blithering idiot!!!
@clouds789 @arabinowitz Did you learn that logic in a madrassa?
Kyun fatwa lena chahto ho mam. You are a woman and muslim. You know what they can do to a women to shut them down. Thise hindus stayed there made mistakes, they should have come back here much before. Those idiots trusted jinnah.
I can understand U have to say in such a way regarding Godse, to defend islamic terrorism. Did u read what Godse said in court about Gandhiji,why he did murder ? First read it. Then tell me who was psychic patient?
U should learn islam n hinduism to comment bon him ..he expose your vicious plans to teach jihad in deoband. When ppl don't found points to argue with u they attack on jamir ..that's what he said .your silence on humanity killed by islamic Terrorism is where your religion failed
He has a thriving biz, a multi million biz. Boko haram/ Islamic terrorism in Nigeria can make u a billionaire in just 8years.
Im a Muslim and I wholeheartedly agree with this comment. That's the best way to deal with idiots who can't keep there nose out. Unfortunately you'll find plenty of these 'Islamic' representatives who seem to think its there divine right to dictate what others should do.
@sardesairajdeep Boxer the only thing u know is LICKism of one pariwar.. U don’t have guts to condem radical Islamic terrorism.. Susu nikal jayega..
BLM act like savage idiots and thats how I shall view them and they did it all to themselves! And as far as respect goes theyre right down there with DACA &amp; muslims and have no RIGHT 2 DEMAND anything You live in America ACT LIKE IT! or leave is that so hard to figure out?
Isis kill anyone who they view as a disbeliever, yet they themselves don’t follow Islam at all. This Isis criminal admits he can’t read the Quran and doesn’t even know how to pray. And people still think Isis represent Islam, whilst labelling other true Muslims as terrorists?
The Queen. Yes, that very devout Christian woman who believes strongly in her divine right to be the monarch. People who believe they are chosen by god eh? Know anyone else who'd think themselves in that category Nigel?
At #UNGA Imran Khan explain below only. Jihad, War, Nuclear war, Terrorism, Radicalised Islam, Kashmir Modi India, Where as Bharat PM Mr Modi explains below. Peace Harmony Development Cleanliness Humanity Brotherhood Difference between terrorists &amp; Peace loving country.
You Albanians keep complaining about the U.S., if this was EU decision you wouldn't have what I see in this photo. Cool. is all you need. And our co-operation in science and other areas. Fighting our enemies, communism, Islamic terrorism.
There's "tolerance and living together peacefully" which sane ppl support, is law now &amp; is reasonable. But some demand that we enthusiastically embrace radical advocacy for their cause. I thought they had a problem when conservative Christians were doing that in the 80s?
You're right - it is weird. And very unfortunate as she's a good Christian woman. You can tell it's something serious when the two of us agree.
The Fulani’s brought radical jihad to Nigeria with all extremism, domination, with a plan to massively slaughter of Christians. This government appears to remain in support of Fulani’s colonization of indigenous Christians by doing nothing to stop this daily killing.
This right wing, pro life, Christian woman is disgusted by this! Why do you "assume" we wouldn't be? All I've seen have called this despicable injustice!
I again ask u to give me proof of RSS terrorism and fascism and i obviously dont need to give proof of islamic terrorism
You know Jesus (Issa) is also a muslim prophet right..? Idiot. There is definitely slavery in arab countries, not denying that. But the fact that your first reaction to a tweet about ARABS is saying "muslims are slave owners" hum.. doesnt dit right with me.
If you think that just because someone is Muslim they're a terrorist, you're an idiot and racist. Know you're facts: 1. There are different denominations of islam. 3. The two major denominations are Shia (peaceful) and Sunni (extremists). 3. Most Muslims are Shia #removeitforzayn
@reza_rahman Claiming that Islam is not a problem because states that are Islamic repress their citizens is a contradiction of ideas.
you cant be a muslim and supporting t***p you idiot
Good People are already Living a Dead Life bcuz of Islamic Terrorism and their Lovers like U Better People Die World jump into a Global War As it'll Help us to get rid off Lot's of Things Disease Created 1400 ago &amp; Liberal Transportation Like U Make @War
Can u hate radical islamic terrorism as much u hate bjp and love congress??
Yea, she sounds horrible. And predictably like the loving, Christian woman that she is ( ), she wants to make sure the kids aren't taught about the gays. Argh is right.
I love that you love Jesus.But will u try & be less divisive & http://provoking.Voting left, right or other is a choice of the individual.Choosing doesn’t make folks wrong or http://bad.As a Black Christian woman of 50 my path isn’t yours &amp; its ok.
Jesus had some pretty radical ideas about loving one’s neighbors and being compassionate. I can’t understand how evangelicals reconcile support for Trump with the most fundamental Christian ideals.
How about the term "Radical Christianity"?! As in all the "christians" who can twist themselves into a moral pretzel to support, and even champion, an absolute scourge of a man.
#PritiPatel says The Risk of More Attacks Is Greater. Well yes you Idiots are still Shipping in #AsylumSeekers Day by Day. The Country is filling up with British Hating Foreign Muslims Start Deporting or the British will Fight Back! @BorisJohnson @pritipatel
In those days there was no terrorism... Islamic terrorism started from late 80s.... In those days declaring a war was easy as very few countries had nuclear weapons unlike now... U still haven't understood Modi
@nyc2peach @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime The Muslims are out of control and determined to steal the last tiny piece of land left to the Jews
Open your eyes. India is isolated. Be it a pandemic or a war like situation, all that you idiots can shout is congress, Pakistan and Muslims #ModiSurrendersToChina #ModiSurrendersGalwanValley
Most typical response of Islamic idiots "Do you know Arabic?" Like if you need Arabic to understand Qu'ran then 80% of non arabic Muslims are not interpreting Qu'ran in right way. Idiots need to know there is evolution in arabic too. Like Arabic now != arabic(5th C AD).
What have opportunities done? Offered seat at IIT and became a terrorist. It simple proves that islam=terrorism. U ppl r trying to make India an islamic state but will never succeed. Ur family n u r all immersed in islamic terrorism. Y all terrorists r muslims? 1/2
I don't see you doing anything for Muslims or Black's. Its statements like these that halt progress. The right is constantly painting young people as idiots for caring. I dont know why, it's just sickening. Especially since its a party of "Christians" and freedom.
Both idiots are trying hard to defame India over kashmir issue but failed. Don't you know that a new domicile amendment law passed in kashmir?? Now kashmiri Pandits who were killed and kicked out by muslims are supposed to settle in next 2 years, go to hell @cjwerleman
Idiot! He was not in power at that time. BJP was in power with VP Singh But Modi was in power when he genocide the Muslims in Gujarat and you are a pet of Modi.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Degrassie is not a historian.
How does that fit with the Muslim community who when not raping our children (covered up by you) make very clear that they intend to destroy society and take over. Yo are a privileged lefty idiot.
As a Christian woman I’ve never felt the need to tell someone else what to do with their body. A sin is a sin no matter if you lie, or steal. God sees it all as sin and Jesus already died for our sins. I’m not saying it’s right but your judgemental attitude isn’t right either.
Let me tell u, Trump say loud &amp; clear. Radical Islamic terrorism is 2 b uprooted. V can't let anyone spread d virus or do Jehad on Indian Land regardless to d religion. #abolishmuslimpersonallawboard
U can get it without fighting also &amp; that too peacefully. All u have to do is to stop patronizing &amp; sympathizing with Radicalized Islamic Terrorism
Also we had nothing to do with the slave trade so get your facts right! So what about Nigeria they notAfrican too? coz they have Muslims also…your an idiot and Egyptians will always be more African then you
ISIS &amp; other radical Islamic terrorist groups are using the same Standard Operating Procedure (Quran). Very funny the amount of effort put in Qur'an to make Muhammad (a warlord) to look peaceful and holy. Meanwhile historical facts paint a completely different picture.
@nader_haq @MadDr11 No, that was just your pedophile prophet making excuses to slaughter them and steal their land and property.
@ummayman90 Only an idiot would think that god wants to be feared. Muslims cannot think beyond the characteristics of an earthly tyrant.
#ISIS and other terrorist groups have no legitimacy or authority to declare jihad. They are evil against humanity. #AntiTerrorCurriculum
Did allaha told you to use twitter invented by kafirs Or did allaha told ISIS terrorists pigs To use guns made by kafirs . I think allaha told in quran to kill non believers if they don't convert
They are angry on cat being raped !!!! Don't they remember of the Muslim women in Burma , Syria , Palestine , India , Kashmir , and so many countries !!! Don't they remember the children being killed !!!! Only the care for the cat being raped !! You fucking idiots!!!
Christian woman giving Bibles away in India told “no conversion, go away”. Tweet calls her a “soul vulture” for “peddling Bibles”. Pray for these brave Christians around the world who are trying to share the word of God. She was right when she said to read it should be a choice.
I am in no way..nor is the Democratic party in support of any lunatic fundamentalist garbage..while the Dems are suspect in other things...advocating and supporting what radical islamists do isn't one of them...nor is supporting radical christian beliefs either..have a nice day
RT @ZaabSethna: This is well-written &amp; worth reading on daily life in Mosul today "Caliphatalism?" http://t.co/IbNJKUmHWk via @aminterest
@scamp_faridxx @AbuAlbaraaSham Suddenly the Daesh murderers of children pretend to care about children. But it's just propaganda.
As always, keep the IDIOT abuse to ALLAH and MOHAMMAD Not to me Not here Thank you When you Muslims learn that the more you abuse, the more abuse goes to your god and beloved prophet You were saying?
@semzyxx @owais00 Again, a Muslim liar trying to change the subject to hide the proven fact that her prophet is a pedophile.
Allama #KhadimHussainRizvi prayed for the Muslim of China first ever in Pakistan in a huge crowd... Because he has the pain for Muslim &amp; humanity... We are standing with our Chinese Muslim &amp; always ready for Jihad for them... @TLPchief #China_kills_Muslims #China_is_terrorist
Most of the violence in Germany is committed by Muslims. Either against each other or against non Muslims. Steinmeller is a hypocritical idiot and so are you.
A real Christian man will treat a girl right I’m taken by a nice Christian woman already
@mutludc And the problem is that Iran is an extremist theocratic autocracy.
I don't think they're good, I think these protestors are idiots for generalizing people no matter who they are as racist because another one is. How would you feel? And yet at the next Daech terrorist attack they'll be like "Uh don't generalize on muslims". Double standard.
I mean how can they be human They kill innocent people Like isis and some radical Islamic terrorism on the name of allah they kill. Now u will can me bhakt etc...etc... But truth is always bitter
Just had time to watch Today’s episode, as a Christian woman, I’m questioning what happened to Elizabeth? God gave us a free will to understand right from wrong, being an American gives us a right to speak out when our leaders fail us.. I walked away feeling was more party above
How can you be a Latino and support trump!? It is the sad reality of many brainwashed Christian believers through their church by a radical Right wing agenda.
@Col_Connaughton Muslims train babies to hate and murder, then use them for propaganda. http://t.co/c7DlwIXjPc
From ISLAMIC TERRORISM, insh'allah
Remember what Tom Jefferson said about Islam - re read his papers. Don't trust them! Erdogen especially! He is a radical. They only want to murder Christians and Jews - now, in that order. It serves their purpose to support Isis
Who will explain the context to the terrorists and the people in ISIS? If it is written "those you don't believe in our verses" It is as straightforward as it can get, what explanation do you want. And if there is a context problem amend quran with the help of islamic scholars
If you care about God so much, what are you doing to help the people getting killed by gun violence? A good God-fearing Christian woman should be doing something for that, right?
Begging for attention is also a kind of beggary. Why do you need these idiots to voice for you? Are billions of Muslims not enough? No one cares. Yours is just an other tweet out of millions that people posted when they had nothing to do. This photos is one of the billions.
I condemn any kind of violence in the name of any religion. But did u just compare a globally recognised problem of Islamic terrorism to some isolated incidents by vigilantes? There is no such thing as saffron terrorism, no terrorist organisations, you are only fooling yourself..
You can tell they are up to something. The George Floyd Scam, Violent Protests &amp; Defund the police, It wouldn't surprise if they want a Democratic / ethnic minority / non Christian, immigrant police. Did I forget Muslim. They are using there idiots guide to psychology again.
By d way..@Deep_state_007...Who r u? U must be either a terrorist yourself or must be a perpetrator of Islamic terrorism. U are so frightened that u don't even identify urself by ur real Islamic name. This fear must be dre..in you Islamic terror Sympathisers..
No, it is a worldly philosophy and the Bible is clear regarding being tossed to and fro. Feminism today is radical, including a demand to support abortion. Putting the Christian label in front of a pig, doesn’t make it Christian.
What new are u planning Shaheen Bagh Jamia delhi riots jamat corona spread now what u communal anti nationalist supporter of radical Islamic terrorism tukde tukde gang @Shehzad_Ind @amitmalviya @sambitswaraj
So u believe in an article written by “Amir Taheri is an Iranian-born conservative author based in Europe. His writings focus on the Middle East affairs and topics related to Islamic terrorism. He has been the subject of many controversies involving fabrications in his writings”
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Mohammed always lied, saying he had to attack because others planned to attack him.
Far from endorsing white supremacy! How dare you accuse me of that! As a good Christian woman I believe in right and wrong and following rules and not spewing hateful words towards those that disagree with my point of view
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Here is the Quran telling Muslim men that they can rape their slave girls. http://t.co/FyNapWCBWw
Who are you?? All world suffering from terrorism so first u stop your Islamic terrorism than think about India ...
Spoken like a good Christian woman, right Alyssa?
Terrorists r enemies of Humanity &amp; enemies of Islam. Jihad is never an act of Terrorism. Jihad means fighting against Terrorism. #ISISFalse
Idiot, does this culprit represents all us Muslim, you stupid. Sinner should be punished sooner than later
@teddyboylocsin @tweetybird2009 @PatVPeters When has he ever done anything else?
Yes because u are supporter of islamic terrorism all over the world. Terrorism belong from Quran. Quran read this pic carefully what quran says about non muslim
Yr a successful Nordic nation with a very high standard of education & lifestyle. You have one if the lowest crime rates. And then some fucking IDIOT decides that it would be a great idea to import thousands of unskilled, fighting aged African muslim men, what could go wrong?
Oh, is that right? That is the stupidest thing I’ve heard yet. Why don’t I tell you that I’m a atheist Muslim... bahahahaha. Or perhaps an atheist Christian? I heard idiots repeat this mantra... saying I’m a jew, but I’m an atheist. It’s all a falsehood. They’re Khazars.
That still does not mean that you can say such awful words that Muslims deserve to be killed in camps. You are wrong, and ‘man’ who give up their child to an old man are also wrong. But stop bashing Islam for some idiot Muslims!!!!
Any non Turkish Muslim &amp; person who never lived/has to live in turkey... If I see you idiots make a single dumb comment on Hagia Sophia conflict istg- The reason they’re pulling this bs right now is to Distract the public attention from more pressing issues (çoklu baro kararı) +
Because they are all that matter, right? I am a Christian woman who is frightened for OUR country.
That’s one fine Christian woman; that @donnabrazile - right @DanaPerino?
@AMohedin Two verses and we can agree that Islam tells women to stay home, cover up, obey your husband, right?
Mr Hussain ok RSS nothing doing for country but HV u guts to tell something about Islamic Terrorism HV u guts to say Against ZEHAD HV u guts to say Against Obbassi &amp; other leaders who says same language for Ur Kind information NATION IS 1ST FOR US &amp; We all know what is 1st 4 you
Don't fall for this, that's the muslim way, talk sweet spread brotherhood, he's using sweet shit to lure you idiots. When it's time to jihad he'll be the leading one, that's what happened in kashmir.
Stop doing bull shits Mr. Imran Khan; you and your government is just a pile of scrap and bunch of idiots ! #No_Hindu_temple . You destroyed economy and our Muslim Integrity, are you even Muslim ? i believe not !
Ok I will pack my bags and leave, Salmam Rushdie is idiot, there’s whole hate industry around Islam, I’m not bothered by you or plonkers like him, I actually find people like amusing, I’m British Muslim and there’s nothing you can or will do about it,
You’re an idiot when it was the bible memes it was the Christians doing it. I do t see any Muslims on this thread making these ‘jokes’ only Christians. That’s the problem
There is another prayer you say after yarehamakAllah (by the person who sneezes). And that's what makes me feel less of muslim when someone responds with yaaRehamakAllah after my Alhamdulilah.
I will tell u what the problem is. U haven't read the Quran but just few verses like the ISIS terrorists. U wanna understand it, read it from beginning with an open mind and it may make sense to you
Mr Jihadi Javed, have u ever realised to what extent u have reduced urself, not only spoke person and advocate of Islamic terrorism, riot, loot, rape and conversion but also u r acting as a mentor.... Have u realized ur sentences, it has become more venomus than monitor lizard.
Dont worry bro, u take care about Islamic Terrorism.
Have you gone crazy? This is the 21st century &amp; you are talking like an idiot. Muslims live in Nepal as well. There are 2 billion Muslims across the globe, not limited to India, Pakistan or even S Arabia. The hate within makes you proud of spoiling an entire generation.
exactly. muslim parents that does that are complete idiots and psychopaths. islam does NOT teach you to kill LGBTQ members at all. the best we could do is advice you. if you're coming at me with the story of Lut, the people of sodom were punished for sodomy. not homosexuality.
Hah. You think Graham is a false teacher because he supports Trump? So are all Christians who support Trump false Christians? Are you a false Christian because you support radical liberals who vote against Biblical Priciples?
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins And what are the Muslim scholars going to do?Say,"You caught us, our religion is violent and barbaric"
Hey idiot show me one case where Muslim women kidnaped and raped in India ! I think this is happening every day in Islamic republic of Pakistan not India check the fact before tweeting ! If you have a guts tweet what is happening in begging country Pakistan
@SelenaKhan14 @PTISalarKhan @georgegalloway But the population in Palestine is still blowing up. No, Muslim abuse is the worst.
You are asking me to explain a miracle? Didn't your monkey god hanuman lifted the Himalayas with his pinky fingers????? Kafir means disbeliever and the opposite is mumin means beleiver and not muslim. Idiot!
Ramzan preaches spreading anti hindu hatred? Ever uttered a word on islamic terrorism? That’s the real terrorism whole world is a victim of. The incidents u r referring to are crimes and criminals already convicted.
We have seen Muslims beaten up in Kashmir, Myanmar, China, Iraq, Afghanistan... What are you talking about? Have you seen any true Muslim go to outer space? You idiots are good for nothing. Even for every little task you need people from the sub continent.
RT @Damocles247: PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION + RETWEET http://t.co/aWQOOqVlp0  #BanIslam @LordThinker @FuckTheShitUSay @ukipwton @VileIslam @…
I Went All The Way To Islam And Said No Jesus Not Coming For Judgment I Said No Don't Preach Salvation Allah Has No Son Right Islam This is What I His Prophet of All Nations Told You Then Why Are You Stalking Me A Christian Woman of God From America
Let him or she face the law Immediately, but they will leave him because they all sponsored #Jihad, these evil men put their religion first before humanity. They forget that you must be human first before anything else. #Justice for the terrorist victims #BifraExit.
"most muslim countries ban porn" no evidence and this is even false "muslim or ex-muslim people from all over the world say muslim men consume ridiculous amounts of porn" Muslims &amp; ex-Muslims say you're an idiot ... doesn't make it true Still no evidence 4 Ur beloved porn start?
Always trying to divide the people in the name of religion. See Pakistan, See Muslims. You idiots See the migrants workers walking 100s of kilo meter with infants in the hand.
See now the Far Right Radical MAGA dummy (Cherry Picking Christian) moves to bend their faith. Now the claim is somehow you’re on a pedestal. You are on a pedestal of hate and racism. You’re very tolerant. You support a verified women assaulter who slept with a porn star.Classy!
It's always ok to blame someone else for your fuck ups right. Just own it. You wanted that easy $and now you regret it. Thank God for you that me and my boys prob took out half the Muslim idiots trying to reach ya.
RSS just talks about hindu nation but it is still v much secular not like ISIS terrorist organisation which recites Quran verses at tym of killing innocents! Hence proved, majhab nahi sikhata bair karna but this one does teach how to kill ppl religiously
@MaxBlumenthal Nice to see bigots like Blumenthal fight for people that practice honor killing, beating women, child marriage, homophobia.
Huda Nasralla, a Coptic Christian woman in Egypt, won her right to equal inheritance after long battles. She's the first in #Egypt to make equality between sexes regarding family inheritance happen. https://bit.ly/2XQyJU5
ILHAN OMAR IS THE PERFECT EXAMPLE OF RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM SNEAKING INTO U.S. CONGRESS !! MOREOVER SHE WAS RESCUED BY THE U.S.A. FROM SOMALIA WERE SHE WAS DOING ONE TO THREE MEN A NIGHT !!! IS THIS THE THANKS ???
You don't have to go to Kashmir to talk to Kashmiris. The real people of Kashmir were kashmiri Pandits which migrated from there and are the victims of Islamic terrorism. I am a kashmiri pandit and I can educated u about the real problems, if u want?.
If you're a Christian, &amp;you're ok w/voting for the most pro-abortion, anti-American, anti-Israel POTUS (Obama)who ignored Christians, et al,killed at the hands of radical Muslims, then you don't know the Bible,&amp;you're in no position to rebuke @POTUS or Christians who support him.
I think #jihad_terrorist_is_threat_to_humanity
I think this is the the conservative Christian dilemma. It’s a passive vs active stance IMO. You can abstain for moral reasons and by way of subtraction, support radical democratic, anti religious socialism or for moral reasons you can choose the lesser evil and defend freedom
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Do you think that the cretins at Salon understand Mohammed's declaration of war on humanity? No http://t.co/CvhAFFBFAq
I apologize Mahmut, but there about 40 million muslims who would like to have a word with you about "leaving the scholars aside." In fact, parts of the koran itself were written by scholars just interpreting previously written portions of the book. You sir, are an idiot.
if a Muslim Man is allowed to marry an Christian Woman then Christian Man have same rights to Marry an Muslim Woman lol also
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ Of course Muslims are exterminating Christians in Egypt,Pakistan,Turkey, etc. Why would it be different in Palistine
Just because she is Muslim? There are 690 cases registered by Delhi police, nearly 2200 arrested. You seeing a pregnant Muslim woman and being emotional will change nothing. Do you want me to tell you how many of these 2200 are Hindus and Muslims? Riots are riots. Idiot.
You're an idiot for being republican. Republicans hate Muslims!
People who use Insh'allah for uncertainty things are most gullible Muslims. Did you even read quran? It's not ideal to say Insh'allah when things are uncertain you idiot, you are harming it's dignity. Learn to know when to use it!
You're an idiot nothing else. Another bhakt. The size of family is never the same and mostly Muslims have more children on average than Hindus or Christians. I knew it was flawed I was making it simpler so that you can understand then explain to you how they diverage from
@cdnKhadija @johnnygjokaj @rfrankh53 @98Halima @BilalIGhumman Mohammed was murdering Jews before Zionism existed.
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets Your text is a fraud brought by a pedophile, slave trader, rapist, murderer, bigot, sexist, robber.
So you want this world but you're calling half of the Muslims 'idiots' and encouraging everyone to turn against them and exclude them from the table. Just stop and think about that lol
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime I'd rather deal with a clown hopped up on mushrooms than a Muslim filled with the hatred of Islam.
I got called a fundamental right wing christian woman today....
Ask them. By the way Muslims are most affected, most tortured most insulted cz of these idiots. They are muslims for you. For a true Muslim, these idiots are not human beings atall. Islam doesn't teach us to kill anyone.
Every idiot can go and post a verse without taking things out of context but because you hate Muslims so much, that's does explain a lot that you don't do any research
Well Jews have their idiots too. He's one of them. Note that this story was reported by the "Times of Israel". Can you imagine any Muslim Arab newspaper reporting any thing negative about one of their leaders, unless he wanted to end attacking Israel? That would be his end.
And you must definitely be having an issue about the loudspeakers for your own reasons whatever they may be. But there is a sensitive way to say and do things, otherwise we become vile like the multitude of online idiots who can only do Muslim Vs Hindu. Sincerely, an 'RBC'
I do. If he cant see he has become one of the useful IDIOTS for the left then he is brain dead. all of you have toatally misssed the main point of why this take a knee crap happened in the first place it is a part of the Muslim Brotherhood Cultural Jihad against our country.
They argue that the Caliphate and ISIS is NOT Muslim, but a extremist terrorist group that uses Quran to justify their mass killing and destruction....then when @realDonaldTrump approves mission, they say should “honor” Islamic faith? #TalkingInCircles @realPolitiDiva @dbongino
I am a Christian woman, I believe in the teachings of the New Testament. I cannot recall the book describing Jesus dying on the cross so republicans can decide a woman's rights. What did I miss?
@historyscoper The Jews of Europe should just come to the US. Then the Europeans can allow Islam to take them backwards.
U are the example of radical Islamic terrorism. Check ur words before post. U are still living peacefully in india. Such me itna problem hota to tum aj bhuk bhi nahi pati. Aukat me baat kiya kare logo ko chutiya na banae
@LifeInKhilafah You are the one sitting in a black tent holding an AK, so don't talk to me about hate.
Kuch bhi ho Palghar Lynching bahut horrific thi. Mene support bhi kiya tha kyu ki Radical Christian missionaries+Naxalites ki dain thi bo Usse pahle Jharkhand main bhi aise hi association ne sadhu ki mara tha..
@SpeakerPelosi YOU HAVE SHOWN THAT YOU ARE A LOVING CHRISTIAN WOMAN WHO HAS BEEN PLACED IN THE POSITION YOU NOW HAVE BY A LOVING GOD. AS SUCH I BELIEVE YOU ARE DOING THE RIGHT THING BY HOLDING BACK THE IMPEACHMENT OF DONALD TRUMP UNTIL YOU CAN GET 4 GOP'S TO SUPPORT WITNESSES.
Contd: 2/2 With his #SaveSabarimala, @RahulEaswar and a Christian woman, dragged Hindus onto the streets to protest against a SC order on equality of women’s rights in ALL religion. He created a precedence for Muslims to cause mayhem to block #UniformCivilCode. THINK HINDUS!
You are right on! As a Christian woman, who no longer identifies as an evangelical, I believe that this is about evangelicals identifying as white, just like Trump.
And for Muslims I feel sorry for them bcuz they are misleaded by moron nd bigoted leaders and mullahs! Mullahs misinterpreted pak kuran to youth which let them to take step against humanity! I request u to tell people to condemn any terrorist activity on name of jihad...
@AmandaSheils1 @Colonel_Shami Polls show that the majority of Muslims are very primitive in their believes. http://t.co/Vp7v6zZsuO
@discerningmumin I have no fear of idiots like you at all.What turns my stomach is the destruction to freedom and humanity that Islam causes
#judgethomasborresen Seriously? You let a Muslim who raped a 5 year old girl, GO FREE? WTF is wrong with you? This moron needs to be impeached. Get rid of this mentally disturbed idiot.
The Hagia Sophia is a Christian church, built by Byzantine Christians for Eastern Orthodoxy, Erdogan has made a grave mistake in his conquest for radical Islamic support. Our God will not be mocked.
Same happened before, when another right-wing idiot did put on child porn, when Jews ans Muslims celebrated Ramadan together. Only let people you do not know put comments, and one person blocking trolls out. It’s the only way. They are obsessed.
Are you blind mate? read, the headlines say 'MUSLIM', RAMADHAN, HALAL, UNVEILED, SHARIA, its a dirty crusadist attack on Muslims/Islam. so stop doing their dirty work, this is what idiots QUILLAM would say
Lol. She blamed the crime on Hindu w/o any proof of same and you took the bait. What an idiot. Crime happened in Mallapuram a Muslim area. Most likely criminal is Muslim. She should be asking qn to her community on their animal hatred, instead of spewing her anti Hindu hatred.
@hal2012 @GerardGeorges4 @PentagonPresSec Still, my preference is to outlaw Islam globally, not to kill all Muslims.
Christian Woman Says It Is Time To Show Courage And Stand Up To Tyranny! https://www.bitchute.com/video/bmopVlDcHekn/ #BitChute This lady is so brave, and I am so proud she is standing up for our rights.
So in one breath you’re saying that if I’m not a Muslim I am not permitted to speak on the issue, yet I can wear a Hijab to play dress up when I am not a Muslim? Makes complete sense! Alianus, you are an idiot. You’d be far smarter if you learnt to not open your mouth.
Your doctor isn't true muslim,like millions of muslims live worldwide True muslims,who believe in Quran&amp;fellow Prophet Mohamad life,such as ISIS,AlQaeda,Hezbollah,Boko Haram..etc, (292 terrorist groups) Quran &amp;Prophet Mohamad words incite killing non-muslims Read Al-tawba Surah
Hijab is alright for the Muslim woman if she wanna wear it but why would other people who are not Muslims get so paranoid of it !Hey don’t worry you can always walk naked in the streets. The world is suffering of this damn pandemic and some idiots and filthy racists are so shitty
@cdnKhadija @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @98Halima @rfrankh53 And the Quran sanctions raping slave girls.
@Abu_Talal2 1400 years ago Islam stole all women's rights and turned them into slaves forever.
"A Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case." https://aje.io/3bav8
Ill make it easy for you I as a muslim shouldnt have to condemn isis just because they claim to be Muslim Look at each case separately Similarly, cops shouldn't have to condemn other cops because some idiots did bs like this The end
By this logic can anyone burn quran or show it in some disrespecting way because it is used by organisations like ISIS or alquaeda.Quran has become the holy book for terrorists and justify their acts through this book.
@zakirnaikirf Fuck Allah, the phony god of Islam and terrorism.  Outlaw #Islam now.
If you said something about masjids or Eid. Then the next day someone comes below your house and threaten your mother and then start shouting ALLAH HU AKBAR. I am sure u will assume they are from ISIS OR ANY OTHER ISLAMIC TERRORISM ORGANISATION
@asem_1994 Being able to practice their religion doesn't mean that they were not treated as third class citizens.
Every day idiot bhakts,arnab gaumutra publish hate speech against muslims, how and why you are silent?
if u speak for b.j.p than u are anti national . if u for islamic terrorism and congress than you are patriot #AnjanaOmKashyap
The #antisemitism is rampant today with the advent of radical socialist dividers like AOC, Omar &amp; Warren. If you support #Israel, please read this and take your stand today! #Jewish #Christian #ProLife #American #Zionist @cindyscorners
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost Islam is the murder of 280 million citizens of the earth by scum shouting Allahu Akbar. http://t.co/Bd4iFaNXtq
@discerningmumin What are you talking about provocation? Islam declared war with the world.  That is more than enough provocation.
Yep, right after the election I saw a friend in fricking Michael’s talking about my shock, a jack christian woman butted in and said she would rather have a stripper than a liar. How rich !!! I wanted to pounded her.
Sarkari Congressi: Why the hell everyone labels Congressi as sarkari muslims? You all are bloody hypocrites! Questioned: Pr wo bol kisko rahe hain? Sarkari Congressi: ye idiot apne jaise log ko bol raha Hence proved Sarkari Congressi @antifascisttt is a hypocrite &amp; idiot
Iran, a country mad at its ruling class, now united against us. America led by a cultist with support of an “end of times” radical Christian ideology. “Don’t believe what you see and hear, believe me.” Donald Trump. Get govt. out our lives, just don’t fuck with my Medicare.
I am not you idiot I said that crimes against both muslims and hindus are happening by extremists of other religion, isme generalization kahan kiya bata zara, pta to chale tumhe uska matlab bhi pta hai ya nhi bs ek naya word mila to pel diya
Advocacy? You’re saying the quiet part out loud you idiot. Who publicly advocates BLM rioting, shooting LEOs, and calling for the killing of white families? You’re advocating for the Muslim brotherhood not blacks.
You are not better than Idiots who fall in trap of Hindu-Muslim Politics. Stop being brain-dead and commenting on Religion.
as a Christian woman, you wouldn’t lie and continue the lie, right?
Listen, I'm not involved in AJC, so I don't have a stake in this. But I don't like litmus tests. It's a very slippery slope. What if they hired a far right-wing Jew to lead antisemtisim, as opposed to a Christian woman who has educational and work expertise in the field?
#IndiaWithZee @sudhirchaudhary @dna You Just go on,we Indians stand with u strongly. Only RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM group(s) are against you. Jai Hind @MamataOfficial @SitaramYechury #StopUrbanNaxals @myogiadityanath
That's right Muslims want to throw you off a building! That will stop the hate! You idiot's ! They are proof you always need to be informed before protesting!
Illogical idiots alway discriminate the persnality. It shows that how your parents taught you the ethics and manners. This type of actions reflect your dirty mind and also exposes the fascist hatred mind of Hindutva extremists against the Muslims.
ian, you idiot, that’s because the likeness of mohammed is forbidden. meaning muslims would not make statues of him. why would a statue like that even exist?
Believe me—it has nothing to do with their color and you KNOW that. It’s their Antisemitism, their ties to the Muslim Brotherhood &amp; CAIR (Terrorist organizations), their constant trash talk about America, etc. They were elected by Liberal idiots.
RT @ThePoliticalHat: The next successor to the Saudi throne will be the son of a slave girl http://t.co/C1XmXLtLXQ http://t.co/WtDeBOE1HA
@J_Eddine @DiversityRUs 1/3 of all  Muslims believe that people who want to leave the religion should be murdered. http://t.co/mBTflxQk22
@alihadi68 @David_Cameron Who's them? I only see real beheadings in Palestine and the rest of the Muslim world.
Eden Monaro, hope you learn from vic, labor gov would never say no to muslims, blacks, the unwashed so labor vic allowed idiots to have a protest while most of us were in lockdown, the result? is here to see, labor can not be trusted with law &amp; order, the virus is rampant
Hindu gods hv weapons to kill Demons. To protect humanity from Demons. All terrorist activities start 4m Self proclaimed peaceful religion chuslam. Chuslam has no respect for womens, relations, no morale, a Hawasi religion, a religion whose aim is Jihad only.
@etsho127 @PAWarnhoff @SumerSloan That is the fault of the terrorist who are hiding behind the women and children. Blame them.
@zh_ha89 I just told you that women owned property before Islam. Had nothing to do with Islam. Islam is sexist to the very core.
Anyone who calls terrorists as militants is a dishonest enemy of himanity. Anyone who justifies Jihad is also an enemy of humanity!
It's not about satire or free speech.  Pretending it is will solve nothing.  The problem is that the Quran is full of incitement for murder.
Judeo Christian beliefs dominate the right - atheists support all efforts against that, including their unholy alliance with Islam. It’s why Islam isn’t called out by radical feminists for their its hate crimes. They’re allies against Jews and Christians. That’s all.
#15AugustBlackDay Tomorrow there's test for #UNSecurityCouncil weather they stand with principles &amp; #Humanity Or with #terrorists &amp; #HumanRightsViolations Otherwise we've only option left #jihad , Then @UN and the whole #World will be responsible for the consequences...
Against humanity .I get it now, listen to me carefully msm it's u all who r terrorising the world and killing for no reason and calling it jihad.98.2% terrorists organizations r led by msms. Whose the one hating there world here, go get your facts checked
I’m Christian, I’m a conservative republican, I support you, President, but we don’t want nor need all those rabid radical socialists in the Republican Party.
you get offended by winking.. what Muslim people did on burhan wani's funeral?? What were their reactions when afjal guru and yakub memon was found guilty? And hindus are hate monger, great. Its Muslim and idiots like u who think they are secular and supporting this shit
The largest newspaper in TN published an ad saying that Islam is going to detonate a nuclear bomb in Nashville. This is an area of the US that has plenty of anti-Muslim idiots w/guns. @Pontifex, are you OK with them using your pic? @realDonaldTrump, I already know you approve.
@truaemusic ...have some PC pandered tell me to accept a cult of hate.
How can you expect humanity from a country that sells their sons to terrorist for false jihad #PakistanArmy is on the path of self destruction. #KulbhushanJadhav meeting with his mother &amp; wife from behind glass wall says everything abt #Pakistan
How can you be sure that he is Muslim?. When anyone is beaten in India all the idiots come and say he is a Muslim.
@kazamaryuji3 Because the Muslims have been exterminating Jews for 1400 years. And Mohammed started he Muslim hatred of Jews.
Can radical Islamic terrorism Inc u leave earth
World should see the real face Of JIHAD... Islamists Terrorists threat to Humanity #HumanityOverPakTerror #KashmiriLivesMatter #KashmirBleeds #Kashmir https://twitter.com/RanaAyyub/status/1278501348787417088
Like she is a really kind Christian woman who was a friend of my dad's, but she is really tripping right now. Like, don't make up shit about children so you can justify your hatred of trans people.
Our journalists watch ISIS burn a man in a cage, and they respond with the same tired cliche about "hijacking the religion" BS! It's #Islam
@navikakumar Instead of passing judgments be a jpurnalist asking questions. Here is something u need to investigate? Y is every web series have a Brahmin as a villain ? eg:Article15 twisted story where no Brahmins were involved. #pataallok-brahmin is bad!islamic terrorism good
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Every non Muslim demographic in every Muslim country is shrinking because of attacks from Muslims.
till u people keep on breeding islamic terrorism india will bleed...
Bro you knownvery well that there is no space for such idiots in masses .Please don't blame whole country for one joker actions. No one blame all Hindus for their hatred against Muslims after hundred thousand Muslims have been slaughtered and 10 thousand muslim women been raped.
Dong Zong & SJKC are like international private schools. GLCs & key industries like energy sector hire Malays up to 90% and whatever subsequent are preferably Muslim. Look at @Petronas! These 8/10 richest listed entities met unnecessary Malay quota. Idiot like you cripple economy
@aliabdalhamid @izrinhariri Obviously you know nothing about your religion.  Permission to rape slave girls is in both Quran and Hadiths.
In Austria, an opinion poll shows the Greens (17%) ahead of the Social Democrats (16%) for the first time, although the difference must be well within the margin of error. Support for the radical right is also 16%. The Christian Democrats? 38%! https://buff.ly/39X61GR
@alihadi68 @rudoren @nytimes Hey, at least he doesn't murder people for apostacy and blasphemy like your tribe of scum.
My high school drama teacher created a space for us to be real in a very conservative small town. She opened up to us about her divorce and why it was the right decision for her - a Christian woman - and encouraged us to see things differently.
@taylored495 It's not about a single terrorist. There are an endless supply of them. It's about a hate cult called Islam.
Yes, for a Christian woman, that lying doesn’t seem right, does it?
You mean when the entire right side of the spectrum got all mad and rages in the street about the black muslim? Idiot.
SORRY BUT HE HAD YOU SUCKERED. The gay Muslim was a fraud from the Get go. He and Jezebel destabilized the Middle East flooding the West w/ muslim refugees to further their agenda for world Sharia. Godless, he’s one of the most wicked idiots on the planet.
Radical Leftists support all women EXCEPT: Conservative women Pro life women Christian women White women Women who aren’t feminists Women who don’t wear pussy hats Women who refuse to kill unborn babies Women who love their husband Women who enjoy being a woman
Every time u talk about indian media and u prove ur own statement by giving me pak media news this is reality that all media's are the slave of governments u are not aware about wht world knows about porkistan. Redical islamic terrorism.
Self-loathing Germans open their borders to Muslim Barbarians and commit Cultural Suicide and useful idiots like you welcome EU authoritarianism. Another Democrat Barbarian in denial of the ludicrous clown Clinton’s loss to the truth-telling eccentric Trump.
Muslims are getting killed daily in Arabic Countries by other Muslim nation but nobody talks about that. You idiots might be thinking what China is doing to Uyghurs is a Humanitarian act, isn't it? Why not focus on denouncing China, who are actually anti-Muslim, enslaved them.
You didn't even get money from your own races of people it's always Muslims always Arab Muslims at that. You might have convinced the nonarabs that said they're Muslim to betray being Muslim but Im not a convert with idiots to worry about that need my islam
Your porkistani got seperated from India on the basis of your Islamic terrorism activities. Then how u expect porkistanis and Bangladeshis accept Bharat council again.
Now you talking shit. The ilkhan leaders became muslims. Sunni muslims. The majority of the ilkhanate was sunni muslim. Iran never had a shia majority until shah ismail I and shah abass the great. Dont be an idiot. Read history
Vatan pr mitne ka koi gam nhi lekin pakistan sponsored terrorism ko khtm kr denge. As Donald trump said we will demolish redical islamic terrorism. Why dont u tell about those 2 pakistani terrorist killed Including Lashkr Commender
My man needs me! And as a good CHRISTIAN WOMAN imma hold him down, fight his battles, &amp; keep him right with the lord. No evil against us shall PROSPER!
Oh back to this...strawman and this seems to be your 2 go to sayings. Originality isn’t your forte. So we have both agreed tonight that Islamic terrorism in the U.K. is so low, ladders are statistically more dangerous. Maybe the elephant is a strawman.
Bullshit. The only supporters still hanging on are rednecks/racists, and radical Christians. The WH has been a revolving door of lifelong republicans who saw first hand what he’s about and they no longer support him. Expect that trend to continue
She's a Christian woman who has gay friends but doesn't support their sexuality, but oppression gymnasts are acting as if she wants to remove their rights. Why the hell does she has to give a damn about other's sexuality?
Just because you idiots are pumping false propaganda, it does not become truth!!! Let me give you some cold hard truths. In Modi’s 12 years as Gujarat CM, ordinary Muslims got around 9% government contracts and other resources. Every year. And Gujarat has around 9% Muslims.
ANTISEMITE ALERT Numbers are IRRELEVANT unless an idiot! Ethnic cleansing &amp; murders of Jews doesn’t negate Jews as INDIGENOUS to JUDEA! Next you will claim Spanish are colonialists for throwing out Muslims in 1492! This is your ridiculous argument!
@nyazpolitics @urgedharry @greenlinerzjm I have three translations of the Quran, microbrain. And I know far more about Islam than you.
You know what else is not permitted in Islam ,you having a display picture on twitter.but here you are ! You criticise india for treating muslims poorly but you are want a idiot lynched for "blasphemy".when thr prophet could take criticism and move on I don't see why you can't.
@alihadi68 @DouglasKMurray @BBCNews @Ofcom @SkyNews @Independent The racist are Muslims who use breeding for population imperialism.
No but there are Substantially,more Commited by Muslims,,Pakistanis,so,you are In Denial,and A politically Correct Idiot enjoy your Day
Fellow Christians who are pro Trump - you are hypocrites 4hiding behind him and support riots, looting by ignoring the reasons behind them. US needs a radical political change. No more @GOP and @DNC but a unified party to fight for ALL of us, not only for the 1% rich! REPENT!
@Abu_Baraa1 Peace? You Idiot, Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago. How can you blab on about peace. Time to exterminate Islam.
Oh really? The people who talk about raping each other in comments are saying that Muslims are the one of rape most in India? It was not surprise for me cuz I have encountered so many idiot hindus like you. Go drink cow piss and then come
I’m about ready to unfollow muslim twitter. I thought I’d find a community instead it seems like I just walked into a mess. We are better than this. For any islamaphobe or any other idiot, I do not give you permission to use my tweet to fuel any type of hate speech or content.
THANK YOU that's what i'm getting at muslims are acting like idiots we are fighting each other while the enemy is slowly winning
Really weird that a heterosexual Christian woman who has a right view of the rainbow gets called gay for it. But hey, you do you.
This is a special gift for you from victim of Muslim separatism & Islamic terrorism in India I am just posting it so that U come to know how an Indian Muslim treats your "sermons" @anjanaomkashyap @HafizAyazGani @AnupamPKher @Shehzad_Ind @khanumarfa @ANI https://m.facebook.com/100013226807619/posts/939989493118602/?notif_id=1587554332199644&amp;notif_t=close_friend_activity&amp;ref=notif
I call you idiot. Woman can wear whatever they want. Amina is right with what she said. But idiots like you have to involve "Maulana's" name in this. There's no difference between you and those non Muslims who blame entire Muslim community for crimes done by any Muslim.
@DiversityRUs The US attacks terrorists and dictators.  Your religion opposes freedom and democracy. http://t.co/EQhYQleABG
RIGHT?! Who goes on the Bachelor acting naive about the fantasy suites?! A part of me thinks her trying to prove a point as a Christian woman, she wanted to point out the flaws in the show; the suites. A message to her Christian followers. She’s cray!
Literal Rag heads who sold out to the Jews they are sworn to hate. Muslims didn’t invent Marxism. They are useful idiots conveying Marxist ideology to make you hate Muslims more than we already do. Pay no mind to the hooknosed Jew who put them in those seats of power.
Dude, India had a Muslim President, which was supported by the current ruling party. A lot of MPs are from the Muslim community. No one denied their rights. And Sikh people basically controls the Military of India. You know nothing. Stop being an idiot in front of everyone.
You’re no different than the idiot liberals who boycott anyone who deviates from their exact worldview. I think Mark is being obtuse to suggest China’s treatment of Muslims is “domestic policy“ but hes a good guy, how about we convince him with argument and not lame boycotts.
Well, you do get a lot of support from Russia after you helped them in 2016, Sean. So maybe ease off the ego a bit. Up to them but I wouldn’t want to be on a Anti-American show that promotes Russia propaganda and Radical Christian Terrorism.
If you're a Christian woman with the desire to get married and you can't be submissive, then renounce christainty or don't get married. Don't bring up abuse to support your claim. We rush into marriage without knowing what it entails. He is right,only blind feminist will react.
براش بنویس We are together in this. And its not just because of that idiot we support you because we are Brothers in humanity. Your shia muslim brother from iran
...Muslim boy 4. But is it ok for Muslim boy to convert to Other religion for marrying muslim girl You'll get where the hypocrisy comes from. Idiot. You are lucky to be saying this only in Hindu majority. Criticize islam for 1 sec and good luck
@DianH4 @rogue_allah The reason why Mohammed's thugs went to war was to get what they could steal.
Thousands of historians? Are you an idiot? Early orientalism was dismissive of Islam, but modern Hadīth studies affirm the reliability of what muslims consider canonical in terms of Hadīth. If you don't know what you're talking about, stay quiet.
Before the advent of Muslims, you were untamed good for nothing idiots, Muslim kings tamed you and brought civilisation to India and made it rise. You're insecure of Madrassas because you couldn't come up with any great center of knowledge like Madrassas. Inferiority complex
Coming from a Muslim... Pop concerts, buses, tubes, bridges and you have the nerve to talk about skin colour.. Complete idiot
Hey baised @TwitterIndia @Twitter How dare u to suspend @Rangoli_A account..Just bcoz of she call out jahil jamati and Islamic terrorism.. Bring back her account ASAP..
Put a bounty on Soros antifa idiots. Wait where you find the bricks. They'll find you...and could look like you or white or chinese or Muslim. Whatever they are catch em and hold for poluce. Soros likes to use buses! #trump
There are many morons like you who are hindus but have muslim twitter/facebook handle and then claim to do Ghar wapasi. Aap jaise idiots apne aap ko dhola de rahe ho. Ghanta koi farak nahi padta ms ko is chutiyapa se..
Christian Missionaries , Radical Islamic Groups are working on large scale and on big agenda to change Demography of India. We support Hindutva and BJP/ RSS. RSS : They do humanitarian works. They are preservers of Hindu culture and Civilisation.
RT @RavenHUWolf: 2011 Article: Islamists on Welfare: Paid to Plot the West's Demise  http://t.co/1ZGKuOzJqN http://t.co/G7HYxICNKt
Yh cause doctors and scientists have iq's less than 50. I guess it will be better to die then to be seen by a Muslim doctors according to idiots like you. You clearly have enough time to tweet hate whilst they are saving stupid people like you during their 14+ hour shifts.
I hope you follow Islam and start jihad against other religions people and kill us 9/11 ,26/11 both terrorist all came from Islam but you so called humanity blame India and world oldest religions. and your best friend saudi Arabia wanted to destroy USA you give weapon. Wake up.
You are so right with that translation. The woman’s reaction is so priceless Christian woman is perplexed
Mr. General Spalding, You're so wise! I hope most elites can be as wise as you that don't be fooled by American enemies who use Idiot Black Superior Anti-racism to bully White equal right and let Muslim invade/change but don't make to Freedom/Democratize the Islam world!
Idiot doll #Sisi #Turkey is part of #NATO He even don’t know what he is trying to do. Libyan officials invited us to support and protect them, who is inviting you? Stop being slave and dog of Syonizm. Open your eyes. We Muslims need to unite not fight.
Idiot, Malaysia is mostly Muslim. They don't speak Arabic, Farsi or Turkish, they speak Malay only. Bosniaks are 40% Muslim and those Muslims are in fact more anti-immigration than Western Europe. You seriously think Tamil Muslims will stop being Tamil all of a sudden?!?
Prophet Muhammad (SAW) taught us to respect all religions, and jesus is one of the messengers of Allah just as Prophet Muhammad (SAW). So as a Muslim you don't have to respond to a barking dog &amp; all you have to do is report the idiots
I was born a muslim &amp; lived in a muslim country for 25 years! And i tell you this if you think you know islam and not scared of it, you are an idiot! FYI Prophet Muhammad owned, sold, captured, and raped slaves! No stop your hypocrisy and condemn him
MUSKIM ALSO INVENTED VERY HELPFUL ORGANIZATIONS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE WORLD LIKE ISIS, AL QAEDA , TALIBAN AND MANY MORE. MUSLIMS AFTER READING SHIT BOOKS LIKE QURAN BECOME TERRORISTS.
https://twitter.com/Harshit35075562/status/1262578250250780672?s=19 this message from a common Afghan okay idiot goodbye this is a 21st century we defeated you 4 times we break you past 70 Kashmiri muslims are our slaves wake up tell your coward army come in Kashmir and fight with us almost a year completed on 5th august.
G8 job sir U are the first one who got success to eliminate the Islamic terrorism in the world Hope to see more
I’m a proud Christian woman :D bless
Wait, in the @garthbrooks song Lonesome Dove, who pulls the trigger at the end? I always assumed it was the son - the Texas lawman legacy - but Mrs Boon always believed it was the widow - the Christian woman in the Devil's land. We can't both be right. #countrymusic
@asem_1994 The Quran approves of the beating of women and tells them to stay home. So ISIS does it also. http://t.co/0JZqklPyYH
You forgot 1400 years of atrocities on other people by jehadi terrorist. People like u don't utter a word on radical islamic terrorism
@ChristophHeer52 Gee, last week it was the Nazis, this week the Zionists, next week the Martians.  Never has such a fool used the Buddha.
shame on you. where it is mentioned that govt of pak will build Mandir for you from muslim tax?? idiot
She is a true Christian woman &amp; she doesn’t have fear because she’s right with God. Warrior. Trump is a fake Christian.
@pleeezing @warriorsialkot @akberc 1400 years ago the pedophile prophet declared war on all humanity.  So all humanity should hate Islam.
these ISIS &amp; Alqaida organizations don't follow Islamic guidelines. these are terrorists &amp; extremists who happen to be Muslims. they misquote Quran &amp; Sunnah for their political goals. they have nothing to do with Islam.
Your hatred of other cultures is wrong and if u were in America rn you would understand why we are rioting for equality something that isn’t in China. You are an idiot and you should denounce the Chinese gov. Because of Hong Kong and the unjust treatment of the uigher Muslims.
@obsurfer84 Mohammed's excuse in every aggression is, "I had to attack because I heard they were going to attack".
Definitely you have full package Brexiteers. 1. False nation 2. 2 faces. 3. Racist. 4. Imperialist. 5. Nationalist from middle ages. 6. Jealousy and hatred. 7. 20 millions Muslims in Uk 8. Collapsed nation Brexiteers. 9. Idiots.
They are all thugs and Islamic Muslims have been persecuting Christians for Centuries you can't blame us for that. They act out their racism we don't there are some middle class white idiots. It was an excuse to start trouble. Bring our Forces in. Remove them and arrest them.
But unfortunately science also failed to cure radical islamic terrorism... When u will talk about this topic What is cure for terrorism, licking, peddling, pelting ?
GTFOH with this bullsh*t White supremacist and radical Christian terrorism are real. And these terrorists have support networks (that currently include the White House, unfortunately). The only mental illness here is chronic denial of that truth.
I'm embarrassed to use my Muslim name you idiot because it is Fuck-her Mohammed
Jihad do not mean http://killing.It can be from pen even from speech. Innocents are killed in Sri Lanka, this is not Jihad or Islam. So call them terrorists, cuz terrorists don't have any religion. "Whoever kills a single soul, as if he has killed whole of humanity"- Islam
@MaxBlumenthal Yeap, there is only so much bandwidths for self genocidal Jews, and it's Blumenthal's turn to be the center of attention.
@etsho127 @PAWarnhoff @SumerSloan No. Muslims were too dumb to invent nukes.  But they use everything they can steal.
Proof if it was needed that Muslim men consider women to be inferior. Well done Suzie, I love the way you deal with the idiot. Unfortunately, I am not as confident as others that his tenure will soon be over. There are enough idiots to vote him back, along with voter fraud.
@PoliticalAnt @Politics_PR @FoxNews Look at the data, dipwad, 1/3 think that people who leave Islam should be killed. http://t.co/MfTOt9ijtY
Hmm google is headed by Lashkar, Microsoft by Jamat, Adobe, TCS, Infosys, Tata, Reliance, and list will go on is being lead by some muslim When you'll google it Sundar Pichai will come not some idiot Muhammad.. get a life.. Ur only good at terrorism and nothing else
@India_NHRC sleeping or watching #BengalBurning as a entertainment. If it’s happened on Muslims, every idiot on prime time debate. Hindus aren’t humans else we don’t have a rights. Dear @narendramodi you are the only person can protect.
Muslim fertility MYTH ? Omg you poor idiots.
@semzyxx Do you approve of your pedophile prophet raping a 9 year old girl, like it says in 7 hadith?
On the other hand it is you Christians and Muslims who hate Jews ,and it is you who have prosecuted Jews ,Hindus love Jews and Jews love Hindus ,so stop targeting Hindu symbol ,if some idiot used our symbol it's not our fault
Obama underestimated ISIS, he also didn’t take them down. Terrorists could still come in you idiot. Doesn’t matter if they check his background, they can still get through. Keep defending ISIS, you will go far in life. He never grouped Muslims with ISIS.
@MaxBlumenthal While the Palestinian terrorists that Blumenthal loves are throwing their opponents off rooftops and really beheading gays.
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And periodically the Muslims went on rampages and murdered masses of Jews. This happed all over Muslim world.
Mind Your Words, you idiot. I can't even think about spreading misinformation about the Prophet (S.A.W). yes, Muslims defeat them but they prefer not to initiate war. And now you're crossing the limit and you accused me of blasphemy I don't t want to talk to you anymore
World's 3rd largest muslims population lives in india you idiot Which is 30 crore and 11% of worlds muslims So, stop using weed and face the reality
That's why OsamaBinLaden was enjoying his last days peacefully in .Where else an Armed Jihadi (bloody Terrorist) can get refuge other than the hub of Global jihad.Enough of this,Jihad means Struggle shit.U think non Muslims r fool &amp; they can't see wt U guys r doing to Humanity.
RT @riwired: .@HillaryGuess Most stupid comment. Hitler wasn't religious, that's a Muslim lie. Truth is Hitler admired Muslims @VileIslam @…
@muslmdawah If you search objectively, you will find that the pedophile prophet Mohammed declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
Christianophobia : "You Are Finished!": Turkey's Growing War on Christians" : https://www.meforum.org/61062/turkeys-growing-war-on-christians And then, some delusional (or treasonous ?) idiots who go by the name leftists don't understand why it is dangerous for our families to allow Muslims to settle in Greece...
No OBL didnt killed Muslims you idiots.. It was all #Endians.
Evidences You Provide Make me Think Your Andhbhakht Logic...I already Provided You The Facts and Evidences That Muslims Don't Worship The Stone, But Ye baat Tum jaise logu k Palle Nhi padne wali...So Keep Mocking Like an Idiot,But fact Is Truth remains above Everything
RT @Joeadeh: The Islamic Organization (ISIL) forcing Christian people remaining in Mosul to attend sessions for Koran conservation http://t…
so that odd jew or Muslim a hundred years ago made England a multicultural country my God you are so thick it is untrue. And I can’t argue with idiots who believes England was full of ‘BAME’ people 1000’s of years ago.
IAF's attack was not against humanity, rather against enemies of the humanity - JEM, not Pak soldiers or civilians. Had these terrorists been alive, they would have killed many more innocents in the pretext of Jihad. that's why our strike is significant. #indstrikesbackandhard
In answer to YOUR question about the Holocaust I would personally support it being on the National Curriculum, what happened was simply dreadful. What I would NEVER do is be arrogant enough to believe everyone should follow my view. Parents know what is best for THEIR child.
By making such sweeping statements about a Hadith you make yourself look like a total idiot. Since when have you become a Muhaddith, Sohaib? I BET you dont even know the criteria of a Zaeef Hadith. Mate, I'd rather you leave the science of Hadith and stick to engineering ok?
Then, the apostle Paul was also a misogynist (1Tim. 2:12; 3:2)? JMac is right? "Feminism has come to church"? Example of feminism's danger in the Church? "GOD is a misogynist" - said by a "Christian" woman in the Church, who threw away a 19 year marriage &amp; remarried within 1 year
says someone who clearly knows sodall about it... 'muslim food' you total idiot!
2. You have to be shameless or idiot to think this is what Allah wants. Read #Quran and show me where is it written to kill Muslim brothers and sisters to take their property and divide it with non believers?
How some Muslim said that they not afraid of covid-19. They only afraid of Allah. Allah hate suicidal idiots. You want to commit suicide, do it alone. Don't drag others along. That's already 2 sins.
The ordinary kashmiri want freedom from India ? They hate indian army and Police? Then why are so many fighting day and night against the Pakistani backed islamic terrorism? They aint muslims or Kashmiri enough for bleeding heart liberals. But u must know your heroes.
Dear NYC. I am not Muslim. Why are you delivering Halal meals to my home? You f-ing idiots?
RT @Protoshiv: @rbassilian @ProudPatriot101 Who you call radical muslims are ones following quran to the word, While so called moderates co…
They don't accept that their is radical islamic terrorism in Kashmir and u have not 1 question for them.
Trying to, but only precaution is not going out, because you may take all preventive measures while all idiots will be roaming without masks and no social distancing , specially Muslims.
Riots In Gujarat Muslims burn 70 Hindus alive in train Which triggered riots In Delhi Ankit saxena like ib officer stabbed multiple times just bcoz he was hindu Main organizer of the riots was Tahir Hussain is in jail So u r talking about Islamic terrorism
@YRohaibani @ajwatamr So you just blow off the ones murdered by the Islamists.  Using dead kids for your religious objectives.
@anjemchoudary Islam is a religion with zero spiritual content.  But it tells you exactly how to wipe your ass.
Which Eid? Im not a muslim But I have muslim friends. They've told me enough to knw tht Eid =festival. So what you have written translates to "festival of festival" Are you even a muslim ? I dont think so . U r just an idiot thats ranting what u dont evn knw.
Logic is, rape is bad. It is not about hindu muslim why do you confuse both things, some idiots might think of all this. Be a man, be proud, dont live in fear. Fight when there is time, else focus on good things, why pandering.
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood And it is Muslims who were the first crusaders, attacking the Christian world for centuries before it attacked back
Strange but fascinating and important to know! The terrorist regime of #Iran believes that I am the person prophesied in the books from 1000s of years ago, who will strike Iran with the support of #Christians and #Jews, fight Radical #Islam and create an Islamic renaissance. 1/3
Or lullu or condom ki bhi nahi Kya bat karta hay lipstick aander bhurkha haaah you are idiot Muslim sorry if you feel bad but it's true
Exactly had they been muslims CNN would label them that! This is disgusting I bet you half of those idiots don’t even know what they want.
If you want the right to FIRE someone for just living their life, then you most certainly want to DICTATE what they may or may not do with their life! I'm a Christian woman my self, but this is discrimination, which is an act of hatred. This is NOT FROM GOD!
Do you even know what semetic means.. she’s muslim and speaks Arabic.. she’s semetic how can she be anti-semetic IDIOT
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri The reason why I have not been murdered is because I will kill any Muslim why tries.
Remember Asia bibi, the poor christian woman persecuted mercilessly in your beloved Pakistan? No tears for her? She had no rights, is it?
@PoliticalAnt As would I.  But of course many Muslims live under theocracy. And where they are minorities they try to creep up to it.
@Michaelplates Most likely killed by Muslims; and I'm happy to see the Israelis get back a small fraction of the land the Muslims stole.
You forgot : He cut up Mother India and gave as Pakistan for all Muslims but the idiot allowed 34% Muslims, for whom land was given, to stay and create nonstop tragedies in India Nehru was murderer of Mother India with assistance of so called M?Gandhi! @ShashiTharoor @Swamy39
Need SAA/NDF Syrian flag in there as well. I agree with you, I hate these foreign often times anglo activists and some Palestinians and Lebanese who support "Free Palestine" but hate Assad and support the FSA/Muslim Brotherhood CIA "Syrian Revolution". Idiots. Disgusting.
Who believe in #Jahuriyat r our Kahmiri brothers-sisters but those who r backed by #ISI #PakistanArmy waging Jihad r jus #Terrorist V r up against these Jihadist who hav no humanity left For dat #TerrorStatePakistan shud b wiped out #Balochistan shud b free Need #FinalStrike
Indian muslim are http://terrorists.like u no one say in world hindu are terrorists but whole world say radical islamic terrorism.u duplicate muslim are shame in name of islam
Let’s remember Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians). You support a Five Time Draft Dodger who’s a Confirmed Liar over a Decorated Veteran! You fools all know the Five Time Draft Dodger, Far Right Radical trump is Guilty!
ARE YOU IDIOTS GONNA REALIZE THAT THE MUSLIM RELIGION IS ALSO A NATION. THE NATION OF ISLAM IS A NATION WITHOUT BOUNDARIES. THEIR ALLEGIANCE IS TO ALLAH, &amp; SHARIA LAW? They are unlikely to assimilate, they have sworn their allegiance already! Until 1990 they couldn't hold office!
And you idiots wonder why the VET and Military vote ALWAYS goes to the right. This is sick regardless of your polotics. Iran and specifically the Quds force has and is taking part in Ethnic Cleansing in the middle east (Particularly in Syria against Sunni Muslim population) Sad
thn u also spoke for kashmiri pandit 19 jan 1990 or alys spoke for jihadi and islamic terrorism coz u r just jihadin aunty ..
wow what a family person u r! sponsering terrorism in kashmir.Spreading propganda of pakistan for islamic terrorism.sitting on cozy lifestyle and tweeting and collecting money in name of Kashmir.
Seems to me that liberals are all for freedom of speech and women’s rights etc unless the person speaking is a Christian woman with different views then they have. I have never seen more hypocrisy in my life than I have this past year.
RT @robfit: By time of Crusades, Muslims had already captured two-thirds of the Christian world - http://t.co/IL0pvg49EO http://t.co/jtJ7se…
Is there anything to understand? A terrorist like Osama or a member of ISIS is automatically a best Muslim. Can anybody say he will go to hell? More one studies Quran more one will refuse to become. One can become only by imposing all one's goodness on it.
No, he didn’t give any quotes. Don’t believe in whatsapp forwards. Below news shows a hindu who raped a cow. But I am not an idiot like u to generalize by saying hindus rape cows? You got a lot of hate in u against Muslims man. Clear your heart.
@TheLadyInBlackk @ToAllahWeReturn People fill "the void and emptiness" with all kinds of imaginary nonsense, including Allah.
Muslim killer says that erdoğan is kurd killer İdiot...We know what you are trying to do! Türk=Kürt in all around http://Turkey.You know better then us but use your devil mind! Wtf? Just to change museum to mosque???
"white people were never oppressed' "YES BUT JEWS AND WHITE MUSLIMS AND-" WELL THEY'RE NOT OPPRESSED BECAUSE THEY'RE WHITE YOU FUCKING IDIOT THEY'RE OPPRESSED BECAUSE OF THEIR RELIGION
The thing is @greggutfeld Radical Christian Good Sleep Providers support heads; they don’t remove them. To become an Austere Religious Scholar you must first set others on fire--with matches, not preaching. Eh, @washingtonpost?
oh but about radical Islamic terrorism u won't mention as everyone can understand which religion do terrorists belong
The people who are racist are the idiots and you shouldn't judge off of that. Just because 1 person is being mean doesnt mean all of them are going to be mean. This is the same shit that happened in 9-11 people not only targeted Muslims but they targeted Indians, Arabians,
You saudias are not friends of Muslim idiots cheapless people
Franklin is more outspoken, but the times are different. Evangelical, Buble believing Christian's support Biblical truth as we believe it (Proverbs 3:3 love &amp; truth, compassion &amp; justice) that is often at odds w the "hard right" &amp; the radical left.
If you support #IStandWithIlhan you also support: Al Qaeda Anti USA Anti Christian Anti white radical Islam Destroying constiutionally protected rights Letting people who never contributed leech a system supported by tax payers Marxist-Leninist like policy Anti Semitism
I’m not arguing anything with idiot Muslim apologists. I’m just telling you what Christianity says about the nature of God. 1 John 2:23 No one who denies the Son can have the Father; he who confesses the Son has the Father as well. No one who denies the Son has the Father.
Just so some of y’all idiots know, making fun of someone’s religion rather they be Muslim, Christian, Jewish, or anything else doesn’t make you funny, edgy, or cool. It’s plain disrespectful and gross. STOP THINKING MAKING FUN OF PEOPLE’S BELIEFS IS A JOKE!!!!
@Pyrrha108 I agree.  He is just like the prophet Mohammed.
AT THE SAME TIME THAT HARVEY WEINSTEIN'S JURY IS DELIBERATING HIS GUILT. JEWISH HOLLYWOOD DEFIANTLY SAYS "WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO RAPE ANY CHRISTIAN WOMAN WHENEVER WE PLEASE." NO REPENTANCE, NO SHAME AT THEIR SYSTEMATIC RAPE AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF HOLLYWOOD ACTRESSES AND
Don't worry sir ,We with you always...proud of you ...u are the first one in the world who is raise your voice against the Islamic terrorism...The Real Hero if my life Mr prisident Trump.
@IAmThe1Teacher @stevecorrales80 @IronmanL1 Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.  And nothing has changed.
Tliab & omar ARE radicalized islamists! They support radical islamists! They want the total destruction of Israel &amp; the death of all Jews &amp; Christians! Might as well add the other two horse women of the Apocalypse, aoc &amp; pressley.
Thank u gay Jinnah. This could be us Ur ancestors gone with all radical Islamic terrorism and this is the outcome . Balochistan will be freed soon like Bangla. Keep dreaming and cry on twitter.. Bangla GDP is better than porkistan GDP. Balochistan GDP is highest #beta
@ldstarr18 @AC360 But there are many ideologies, and Islam declared war on the human race 1400 years ago. http://t.co/ntOJwO4Lnt
Delhi is burning 250 million Indian Muslims are protesting And you idiots want a 100% muslim area
Now that's what I call a beautiful Christian woman right there and I respect that my friend.
If you dont feel outraged by the fact that a 12 yr old kid has lost her Father becoz of Islamic Terrorism, then probably u shud hav a visit to psychiatrist. And dont u dare telling me that Terrorist dont have religion look ... Bloody hell.. I wish we go on with Full Force
@CherguiaMbark Yes, I'm hoping we can get the Muslims to stop oppressing Jews and Christians and Hindus and Buddhists.
However i see how you kind of distanced yourself from the opinions by calling it the editors remarks. Id be shocked if you would support a democrat who promotes abortion along with other radical policies which are not christian.
@Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews I don't care what they retracted. The no go zones are there.  Here is an example. http://t.co/rQx75ZbBxv
The USA Sunk ?....WE STILL HAVE OUR GUNS....YOU IDIOTS IMPORTED A MILLION MUSLIMS...NOW THEY PUNK YOU OFF....
This is a jihad against brutality, to bring terrorist towards normality and humanity #DrQadri #35thFoundationDayOfMQI
Abey converted chutiye, pehle theek se padle fir aake gyan baant. When I talk about mughals then I am talking about those 800 years of Mughal empire, where they were able to covert idiots like you from Hindus to Muslims, but my ancestors had self respect thus didn’t converted.
Dear Twitter team block this I'd this I'd spread a fake news and create a violence in India this I'd support terrorists and increase to people for start jihad and terrorists activity this is dangerous for all peace humanity
Dear @USCIRF have u ever tweeted for Hindus in Pakistan? For those who died in godra? Agaisnt radical Islamic terrorism? "NO" . So stop this paid propaganda against indai. Kindly don't interfere in India's internal matter. #BanUSCIRF
Isis is a world recognized terrorist organization that follows the tenets of Quran to the word. Anyone interacting with them are considered an enemy to the national sovereignty. Haven't you heard muslims getting arrested for Isis terror links in the past? Or were you born yest?
To paraphrase @DanielBShapiro on the death of Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi: The death of the cruel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad arch-terrorist Baha Abu al-Ata "is a win for humanity". #whenthePAsideswithterroristsagainsthumanity https://palwatch.org/page/16757 @palwatch @ronitshebson
This seems to pure bakwaas. Do you think Muslim generals were so naive and idiots that they can be fooled by such a practice? Fictional stories like these dent credibility of such portals ..
Honestly think that's dumb. And I fully support banning the flag/monuments. This is also coming from someone raised by such radical christian parents I was homeschooled with my 6 siblings and told I was going to hell for even thinking about girls, beat regularly, etc
Ok from your response I gather you see things as non systemic. That killer cop wasn't just a lone actor, he was a part of a system. The Muslims you claim had 600 (questionable buy ill let it pass) killings are political terrorists. People don't self radicalize. They are pushed
If you are a Muslim in Gujju-Land ( AKA: Modi Land) you stand no chance of any treatment under current BJP regime! I can write a book of the Psyche of these extremists who are out to destroy India’s secular foundation. Even SC now has half idiots RSS types. Not kidding!
Jackass of the year goes to this undercover mackem, Muslim hater, or just general idiot you be the judge! Smh Can’t fix stupid! No club outside the “Big 4” has more haters then #NUFC
Obviously I eagerly await the full-throated support of the Christian Right in America, for these brave Christian allies who fought against radical Islamic terrorism...? @MalcolmNance @ColMorrisDavis
When that idiot I don't remember his name posted you all over twitter defaming and calling you a fraud/scammer former muslim I did not turn against you, I did not unfollow you, I did not insult you. I hope you don't plan to destroy the Republican party ahead of the elections
ISIS/Islamic terrorist 1. you said that they're quoting quran, but Islamic scholars do not agree with their interpretation of quran, so here as well terrorists are quoting what they understood by their interpreting quran and not quran itself because majority of Islamic...
@RichardDawkins @AbuelitoSerge Same goes for the term "Islamophobia". It makes as much sense as "Naziphobia".
@Isham_AlAssad @UN Any fool can see that is a photoshop job, goat fucker.
What about Islamic terrorism? Speak about it first, if u have guts.
Christians abhor the murder of babies. Christians despise the indoctrination of our Children to evil radical leftist ideals. Christians run from the morally corrupt political party. If you think Christians will support any of the Dem nominees, you are sadly mistaken.
#Islamophobia_In_India We Muslims have the courage to say ISIS is a terrorist group and for your kind information an Iranian Muslim was also fought against ISIS. Quran does not teach nor islam teaches to chanting Allah o akbar while killing someone. It's totally unacceptable.
You think Im muslim you idiot?
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Mohammed never looked for knowledge. He believed in Jinn, was illiterate, believed dogs ere devil.
Believing a United States Organization. This is the same U.s who you blame to rise and fund thw ISLAMIC terrorism in Afghanistan and in all other parts. And today believing on same. Such a Hypocrites you guys are.
Can u say #Radical #Islamic #Terrorism ?
So were back to generalizing I could also judge all hindus by a small group of hindu extremists if you look up the race crime charts in America you'll see the muslim are the most peaceful and committed the least amounts of crimes u idiot im done with u don't bother replying
RT @robfit: The 3 Stages of the Islamic demographic Jihad... #tcot =&gt;  http://t.co/UttUXJPIf3
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews The prophet Mohammed declared war on all non Muslims 1400 years ago exactly to impose such.
Even Indian Muslims are protesting and waking up looking for Partition and you idiots want a 220million nuclear state as part of India We would slaughter Hindus
so long as they ain't a jew, christian, woman, or any of the other things you guys don't like, right?
And, cohesive force for these loose gathering is Quran/Mohammad. Same as is with ISIS, Taliban, PFI, terrorists etc.
@haroonstyles @biebervalue @greenlinerzjm @halalflaws Mohammed raped Aishia when she was 9. http://t.co/7moZbSqhpG
Get a life idiot why call someone racist just be they won't go down on one knee for a thug I agree his death was horrible but would you ask all Muslims to get one one knee everytime they blow us up or run us down in lorries no you wouldn't because not all Muslims are killers
Them Muslims hey?! (PS: sarcasm directed at Islamophobic idiots in case you didn't get it. That is AWESOME!)
This is RSS..u know what is Islamic terrorism...atleast I hope so.
Such death & destruction always accompanies Jihad Terrorists. If every Nation of the W RLD made a Vigilant Effort to STOP Terrorists; the W RLD would be a Peaceful Place. Next to Abortion, Jihad Terrorism is the biggest threat to Humanity.
Stupid apologetic Hindus who have converted to communism which is by far d most hateful & violent ideology in d world .Yes u r right it even beats radical Islamic terrorism .Shame on such mothers who dont even realise what dey r feeding to their kids.
You're an advocate, don't be an idiot. APJ Abdul Kalam Sir was a Muslim. @IrfanPathan is a Muslim. K.K. Mohammad is a Muslim. @TarekFatah is a Muslim. @Imamofpeace is a Muslim. I can go on and name many more. Don't equate people like Kalam Sir with ISIS terrorists like you did.
Right? And I'm a married Christian Woman! In my mind I saw a lil old prophet with a sign which read... Repent! Repent!
#PayalRohtagi @TwitterIndia u r very soft on ISLAMIC terrorism,islamic hatred towards othr communities..u nvr suspnd MUSLIM acounts why???? are all yr employees MUSLIMS??I DOUBT
@sibelo76 I read the entire Quran and much of the Hadiths. I know more about Islam than most Muslims. It is a curse to all mankind.
@RepCummings we need to remind the Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians) being racist and supporting a racist like Far Right Radical trump just proves who they are.They claim to love their country, but support a Five Time Draft Dodger. Conservatism is cancer!
So it’s ok for Pakistani Muslims to establish rape gangs that abuse our children? It’s ok if ethnic minorities are exempt our laws and murder us? I think you are just another brain washed left wing idiot.
You guys are fucking idiots. Why you give Ganesha bag (at day 5) as Ramzan Kareem offer. Idiots. Why you want all muslim comunity to leave this bug g. Don't try to redicule our Religion. @PUBGMOBILE @PUBG
It's precaution taken by govt. Pakistani terrorist is at border with gun fir jihad to kill people and army of India. India is huge democracy. We are not required lesson from terrorist country on humanity.
Some people literally don’t have a choice not everywhere is like east London with 1000 Muslims in Whitechapel just chilling. People in smaller towns have a non Muslim majority, haven’t you idiots seen voting polls it’s the main reason why Boris is ruining our country.
Present lockdown is bcoz of Pandemic #ChinaVirus &amp; Kashmir lockdowns before this is becoz of Dynastic poltics that fkd Kashmir with their personal interests , also Islamic Terrorism that danced the streets of Valley, shame on Bigots like u.
Are you worried again the muslims will take over India and build a mosque? Idiots, Keep destroying and constructing temples, mosques and churches. Shame you!
same, I realised I was defining myself via non belief, and mocking people doing the same thing for having beliefs. The Post GG Atheist Tuber meltdown was bloody eye opening, how fast they got into bed with Right wing Christian "Woman and Gay = Bad" types was telling...
U mean Islamic Terrorism????? I never heard of RSS Terrorism
I just had flashbacks to when a Jamaican girl in my secondary school said it during DT and our Jamaican DT teacher lost her fucking MIND I truly I thought I was about to watch this Christian woman beat my friend right in front of me
You're an anti semitic supporter of radical Islam, you know the ones that behead Christian people and sell slaves in Libya, guess which one we support? Trump 2020
To all the people that said Muslims will cause a rise in Covid19 cases due to Ramadan and Eid. It was 28 degrees today, so you better not have been at the beach with the rest of the idiots.
Height of shamelessness of Shrine board, idiots ,no matter how much u rub ur nose in front of these ppl...you will remain a kaffir for them... Did Muslims ever prepare food for "कन्याये " during Navratri ?? Then why we have become d झंडाबरदार of secularism ??
It's written "Those who became Musalman out of devotion for Din e Islam." We became Muslims out of love for Islam and we are proud of that idiot. You live in your primitive superstitious beliefs. Within 1400 years there are 200 crore Muslims in the world and growing. #GappuBhakt.
Ya bollywoood has portrayed hindus image in a negative manner (at many instances) , but at the same time , you should also know that muslims at any time weren't left from these idiots . You may see any person wearing a kurta pajama putting a cap and holding a gun is a muslim.
Radical Muslims are today's Nazis, but they too shall be defeated. The Judeo-Christian West &amp; countries that support freedom must have just as strong as a resolve as radical, aggressive countries, such as Iran.
I know idiots like you know everything that’s what I call people like you because they only see a Muslim everywhere
The muslim and BLM rabble have amalgamated into a dangerous coalition using each other as ‘useful idiots’ to further each other’s cause. You only need watch Mehreen Faruqi and her moron son !
Yea. Those three foreign powers were surely giving us over to our adversarys. And I bet you believe Obama was a Muslim born in Kenya sent by the KGB. IDIOT!
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Since Muslims are sworn to exterminate them, why shouldn't they.
Learn Jawi wouldn't make you a Muslim and it's not part of preach,you idiot. SK also accepts all races.
@discerningmumin And now, every Jihadi group wants to reinstate slavery in the present because the Quran approves it and Mohammed practiced.
My Only Job Right Now I'm His Prophet Of All Nations The American Christian Queen Isalm Doesn't Want Anything To Do With Why Are Following Me Then All These Muslim Men And Women Following Me A Christian Woman You Practice Isalm
Stop Hindi Imposition Multiculturalism and Welcome Muslim Refugees These 2 statements come from same set of people, ponder on how liberalism depletes the brain cells and makes you an idiot!
And who would you suggest we support? Biden is a battling idiot, Sanders well not even go in there cuz not even worth the words. Obama cost American lives and had the hands of Muslim and Arab countries in his pocket and Hillary she's a criminal has something to hide
@IlhanMN, you would never be a better American. You can not bcause you support ISIS, radical Islam. Grt example is BARAK OBAMA, he was the president yet he never loved American values, it’s democracy &amp; beliefs. He said America is not a Christian country. @IlhanMN you’re same too!
@MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Yes, he's vile because he is against a religion that has produced more than 100 terroris groups. http://t.co/38v2E6yjcx
U should be more worried about #Islamic terrorism.
I’m shocked! I thought she was an “honest Christian woman” (did I get that right Donna?)
Are Muslims so idiots and greedy that they take money from Kafirs and kill fellow Muslims? If This theory is true, you have to re consider your faith. #Karachi #Karachistockexchange
RT @riwired: Look at all the land occupation in green, of "Islamic domination". We are being duped. @jemfleming  @GOP @VileIslam http://t.c…
Go do one what.. be clear, you sound like an idiot. If Muslims are seen as losers, it's because there's infighting among themselves (but fanatically united by faith, as anybody opposing them usually find) and the 'West' is busy encouraging that for finance gain.
I am a Christian woman. The words coming out of my mouth right now God forgive me!
that’s right- im a pant cuffin, juul rippin, neutral milk hotel listenin, god fearing christian woman
No,The Quran says that any one who has killed an innocent human being has killed the entire religion .So the ISIS terrorists would be put to hell fire .....
@PhilipMills8 @PsychBarakat @jncatron Outside the Israel conflict, Hamas still beheads gays, does honor killings, throws opponents off roofs
What wrong with wearing safran... It's a colour... If wear green..will you say Muslim If wear white...will you say Christian... Why these idiots oppose wearing kaavi????
You clearly didn’t understand what I said. Islamic terrorism doesn’t exist because it doesn’t exist in Islam. It’s just terrorism. ISIS was literally created because of the US and UK and ur here screaming Islamic terrorism? Read a book u uneducated swine.
is terrorist attacks inspired by radical ideology, such as those promoted by ISIS and al-Qa'ida. SÄPO reported that returning foreign terrorist fighters posed one of the most significant threats to Sweden's security https://www.refworld.org/docid/5bcf1f7ea.html #notinmycountry #evil #islam #666 #Quran
CAIR: Minnesota Jihad Stabbing Puts Muslim Terrorists at Risk - Oh! The Humanity - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2cj1uiU
RT @JimHumbert: After Liberal Atheist Murders Three Muslim Students who were Members of Anti-Semitic, Muslim Bro… http://t.co/pNTMamdq99 vi…
Oh, So I m a fanatic coz I call out ur hate towards hindu jain sikh buddhist parsi etc. U want us to turn a blind eye to islamic terrorism in pakistan. Wat u terrorists are doing to #Balochistan @VofBalochistan is world known
@ShirleyMArmenta @ShareThis #Islam is radical Islam.  We keep pretending they are different to avoid confronting the problem.
@anjemchoudary @JihadiA8 Sharia put the Muslim world 1000 years behind the rest of civilization and tortured minorities.
You Idiot how on Earth is that the same thing, they were Muslim extremist not fighting for equality and the brutal death in which an officer was confident he would get off regardless of being on camera. You disrespect Lee’s name by even trying to compare
Words of a nice Christian woman, right?
@MrAlMubarak Allah the terrorist can stick what he wants up his giant  ass.
Put that shoulder away immediately. Your skirt better be the right length and you better have on stockings. You’re a Christian woman. Behave as such
#Muslim #Hindu #Christian one side. Humanity make you Muslims nothing &amp; who disturb others religions they not Muslims. If any other religions disturb Islamic religion so it's mean he terrorist. Islam is the name of Peace. Or we hv small options Jihad e Asgar 4 the enemy of Islam.
All the world are protesting islamic terrorism. U are a terrorist financer. Islam is a terrorism and terrorism is a islam
Virtue signalling idiots. Where were you two sisters when child abuse was going on by Muslim men.....in the thousands.? Silent
The hypocrite muslim mayor doing the same thing that #ISIS did in middle east, #BlackLivesMattters is no longer about police abbuse , is about idiots like you pandering to pseudo terrorist and stupid lefties vandals.
What an idiot Karna is! Claiming Hindu name as Tamil name. Can you find one Muslim in Tamil Nadu with such a name? Why only Christians have such Hindu name? Funny thing he is saying others should get educated to know that reservation continue after conversion
Quran, says 1) donnot kill the innocent 2) donnot attack woman or children 3) donnot transgress in war 4) if someone drop a weapon do the same 5) donnot be the first to attack 6) donnot oppress woman And much more. So No, what ISIS or terrorists do is NOT islam!
Wolves in sheep's clothing. Soros' money will support the far-Left group, Vote Common Good, and its "rent-an-evangelical" program. Vote Common Good sends out ultra-liberal pastors &amp; speakers who identify as Christians and dress up their radical political agenda in biblical terms.
@lsarsour is a radical Muslim who hates #Jewish &amp; #christians ! @realDonaldTrump has made Twitter what it is today, very popular just like @potus! Ban #MeToo disrepecter @JoeBiden who's son #DeadbeatDadhunterbiden won't pay his kid child support! Ban haters @Ilhan @RashidaTlaib !
So don't take it on yourself, i apologise for my misunderstanding, but my point is which quran to follow, which interpretation is correct, which muslim leader to follow. How are you sure that whatever he says is the correct interpretation of quran? He ain't no saint you idiot.
#Christian woman without a doubt #Trump
ISIS have nothing to do with Islam.. they are terrorists planted and funded militant organization. You can't blame Islam or Quran by seeing me or anyone..
Was just about to send you the Muslim Ray gun idiot, but then realised you'd posted it, pure good that.
well she's a head strong american woman. nothing wrong with that but you can't expect to go to a conservative muslim country and expect to get the same treatment and consideration. only and idiot would think that.
Too bad you support a man who conspired with Warren Kinsella a radical leftist to smear Maxime Bernier as a rascist, and AS is as islamist as Trudeau. He also rigged Bernier for leadership of Conservatives!! Christian man my foot!!!
The idiots shedding off their so called knowledge are the real worms of India. As said in hindi, "Kam ka na kaaj ka...dushman anaaj ka" Perhaps you would be also belonging to a Muslim family and adopted Gandji surname. Shame
Although we infidels (as Islamists call us) who are also #Patriots, rightly critique the Islamic terrorist group ISIS. There are infidels who are unpatriotic, critique us for comparing ISIS to Islam. If only #Liberals knew, or they do know but refuse to believe it! Quran 47:4
Don't show paper cutting show some conclusive statements by court. And dear don't come to show us samjauta express we can show u millions and millions of such incidents related to Islamic terrorism not only in India but over the world.
I am a good Christian woman at all times except right before I do the wings of my cat eyes when I offer a little obeisance to the goddess of eyeliner
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews The violence is always initiated by the Muslims. Mohammed started it. Proof. http://t.co/lyyEgGfAc7
350 illegals got 1.2 billion off @NicolaSturgeon China rapes our oil feilds &amp; their virus murders our people. Muslim glasgow rape gangs get their crimes covered up while this illegal will &amp;probibly get more fee stuff. YOU AWAKE IDIOTS https://www.breitbart.com/europe/2020/07/23/illegal-immigrant-suing-uk-coronavirus/ via @BreitbartNews
people are dying only in india ...innocent people are dying all over the world in the name of jihad...... so please teach lesson about humanity to terrorist first.....dont teach this to Indians we are always against war but if someone attack on us we will defend ourselves.....
They were well instructed by Muslim brotherhood and Hamas on the use of human shields. Here you have hundreds of useful idiots willing to play the part
Only a day after our prime minister replied to Donald Trump's " Islamic terrorism" remarks in his own country in UN speech, if u r not aware of that I cant do anything baby
Wow be proud u have all the support of the right wing radical phony christians child rapists violent sexual offenders racists n anti American traitors that’s really something to brag about
@jihadiAA Nobody gives a fuck about the streets when you are practicing genocide, murder, and slavery, microbrain.
African Americans do not support you Trump Hispanics do not support you Trump American Muslims do not support you Trump Puerto Ricans most definitely do not support you Trump American Indians hate you Trump don't support you either 90% of the country think you're an idiot
@ummsuhaym @logicalmind11 Quran 8.12 would be a good example of terrorism. http://t.co/vonYOAtpfk
Israel is benefiting and enjoying from double penetration from Russia and the US since 1945. Russia supports Israel as much as the US. But Russia is the smart one who let America pay the money and budget. Russia hates Muslims as much as Westerners. You idiot
Hindus can't believe that a Muslim did something You had universities yet you are idiots this university is still operational dumbos
a christian woman yelling at a man who is trying to slut shame her is perhaps the biggest leap we have taken in feminism since women got the right to vote #TheBachlorette
Try in practice if you can fo. Some idiot will Fatwah against you. Also only Modi ban triple talaq ,hence imagine what muslim men do to women.
Whose buying the oil from Isis? $4 billion worth of oil? Whose selling them the latest weapons? Please answer Research has proven that the terrorists like Isis has nothing to do with Islam. They lack even basic knowledge of Islam, don't read Quran
@realDonaldTrump All SECULAR Arabs R Very Happy , WHY ?? BECAUSE U SUFFER SAME WHAT HAPPENED IN THEIR COUNTRIES,WHEN U SUPPORT THE RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM...THEY WANT SECULAR STATES &amp; U WANT TO FORCE WHAT SO-CALLED POLITICAL ISLAM..??
Stands as a Christian woman, LYING. “Thou shalt not bear false witness” - guess she fits right in with Evangelicals?
Let’s talk about Islamic terrorism nexus with Zakir Naik and you guys. The ant CAA and Delhi riot. Do u have guts to talk ? Don’t worry Zakir Naik is next you would be dragged from your home and who knows face same fate as Dubey Jihadan.
@discerningmumin And if Muslims are angry that they can't force Islam on people, who cares? http://t.co/G43tlj1dGU
Disliking SK isn't racist. He's an unpleasant, divisive, idiot, IMO. TR has never said being Muslim invalidates your UK nationality. You may be confusing opposing a supremacist ideology with disliking someone, based on their skin colour. Can u show TR holds the latter position?
@Missy10013Kathy More of the same kind of burning by other Muslims. http://t.co/qG7AQjdGAQ #Islam
This is ridiculous. He is an idiot but you can be Syrian and not Muslim.
Now he is balling for team terrorist at ground jihad against team humanity!
I dont care what someone else thinks. One has to be an idiot of highest order to treat those who consider themselves as Muslims, as Hindus. Those Muslims must be laughing at our stupidity. Now your turn. Do you prefer them over other Hindus?
first of all, why do you use a fake name? so you think a fascist group of useful idiot commies controlled by Muslim Brotherhood won't use a deceptive name? Hmm. Communism is fascism to begin with. So it was always a sick way to trick well-intentioned people.
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 Furthermore, you cannot identify a single verse of the Quran that limits the age of marriage of a girl.
Religion of peace, u have terrorised entire world wit Islamic terrorism, Islam is synonymous with Islamic terrorism, communal riots, violence, rapes, crimes, regressive thinking, Sunni Deoband, Wahhabi Salafi Jamati Islamic terrorists, When caught pants down u shout Islamophobia
@FarooqSumar @NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal In fact the pedophile prophet clearly stated his intention in Hadiths. http://t.co/04XVHx5vVl
Guys this post is not against any religion (hindu and muslim) and any caste(kamma and kaapu). This is his opinion on Savarkar. It is easy to comment these delicate matters(religion and caste).But think before you comment. I believe those who comments religion and caste are idiots
U r working partner of wid terrorist u give them intellectual support to their jihad,U all belongs to same Nexus,U promote n support radical islam wid the help of ur fake articles in news agency like @washingtonpost Humanity feeling ashamed wid double faced personality like u
Then what is jihad and who are jihadi or you can say #Terrorists #globalterroristpakistan
I fucking hate muslims sometimes. Like, this is the day where we celebrate our fasting and ask forgiveness from each other and you feel it important to keep attacking atheists??? Atheists celebrate raya the way non-muslims celebrate it, you fucking idiot.
Every time when a muslim terrorist or a terrorist organization like isis or taliban quotes quran, you all always say that they misunderstood the quran. Like seriously dude find some better excuses
You idiot Pakistani. Azan is allowed but not the mikes. India is a democracy and fundamental rights of Muslims will never be curbed. Good to be Muslim in India than in Pakistan
he's right. unless you are saying all muslims are terrorists or all BLM protestors are rioting idiots?
Some muslims are so insecure lol ... gues thats y terrorism is their monopoly... cant convince you , but we will hurt you ... insecure idiots
I know what u mean. ISIS and the terrorists cherry pick verses from Quran and hadith but that was not the message Allah sent and the prophet gave us. Islam strongly prohibits murder of both muslims and nonmuslims.
Still no answer then. What a surprise. Do you support and recognise LGBT rights? Yes or no. An answer, not yet more obfuscation.
The terrorist nation of Pakistan has started recruiting kids to wage jihad against India. It is high time that #FATFshouldBlacklistPakistan to save the world and save humanity. @FATFNews #FATF #Fatfblacklist #terroristfinancing
Yeah Islamic blasphemy law doesn’t apply in non Muslim countries, I know this is confusing for people. And in free countries people can act like idiots. Don’t let random tiny newspaper articles that have no influence stop you from freeing slaves in Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Saudi
I know that war i hell, and there are idiots everywere, but I want to tell you that there was no, and there is no Bosnian army! Btw. those pictures prove that radical muslims from other muslim states come from, and some of them where involved in attacks 9/11 WTC in New York!
American Jews are by and large leftwing Democrats.They overwhelmingly support the Democrat Party.They see White conservative Christians as much of a problem as radical Muslims.Most of them think that these attacks r by White Christians.These aren't Israeli Jews big difference
Idiot Man Go Raise These Slogans In Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, Sudan and Pakistan. you will get clear answer about Muslims. No Need to Think about Indian Muslims They are in very safe zone.
There were no Muslims in the land of Israel. Why you keep insisting that place is urs U lunatic! It’s not urs and never will be urs ever what belongs to u is Mecca and Madinah that’s it idiot
They really dont get how these religious radical fundamentalists fanatics think they believe they are no different to other decent muslims ,yes they do exist dont forget even the christians have their lunatics too would they support and sympathise with them
@Isham_AlAssad @USArmy Where is your evidence that they are furious goat fucker?
That's me alright! #DisloyalToGod &amp; proud of it. Radical RW Trump-fellator Chris McDonald railed against “all the cheap-shotters and the Pharisees” who dare to criticize Plump, claiming that Christians who don’t support the president are betraying God.
Women fighting for basic rights? Really? Basic rights like wearing the hair style of choice, openly, in public, in broad day light? Or maybe you’re referring to the 9th gen white Christian woman being persecuted by 1st generation migrants &amp; illegal aliens who despise her?
@halalcunty @biebervalue @liamxkiwi @greenlinerzjm @halalflaws I know that men can and do marry babies in Saudi. http://t.co/mWryD1ihpM
Razakar left out frustration Nawab ditched many But Andh Bhakti better than #Arab bhakti Declaring 75% #Humanity kafir Jihad 911 2611 Halala 4 wives #Indonesia largest #muslim country stuck to its #Culture celebrates #Ramayana &amp; follows Deen truly &amp; Has No #Terrorists
I've said it before and I say it again: "DONT FEAR THE VIRUS, FEAR THE IDIOT WHO WILL GIVE IT TO YOU!" What part of #StayHomeStaySafe dont you get? #COVID19
#BlackLivesMatter I am a brown Arab Muslim, I didn’t face any problems in my country about my color at all. In fact I face it when I was in USA. Wtf you guys doing, it’s 2020 and you still have racism? Colors? Wake up you fucking idiots. Being white doesn’t make you different
A Christian woman I know believes women don’t have rights to their body because her husband said so
What are you talking about. Get a grip. It’s the posse who refuse to call it what it is, Radical Christian American Terrorism and there support of lax gun laws yet you have the temerity to blame dems. Please check yourself in.
This is part of the problem. People making dumbass comparisons that defy logic or reason. It's amazing to me how it's considered bigoted to call all Muslims terrorists due to the actions of small minorities within the faith, yet you idiots routinely do it to LEOs.
If u r against Idea of Bharat, if u consider those Terrorist r innocent then Yes u shld fear , fear tht 1 day Kashmir will free again Free frm Islamic Terrorism Pandits will return n will reclaim what was rightfully their. So Yes u shld fear ,fear for those Terrorist. Jai hind
I have some Christian views(so I may be biased). First of all, radicals or extremists of any group are uncontrollable and I do not support any radical Christian or Buddhist. Secondly c'mon man "radical christain terrorists" in 2020. Maybe the crusades were radicals not sure.
Bunch of idiots thought this untenable ideology. Icon of 19 Century father of nation sacrificed They faced ban so formed splinter groups each for diff purpose.If you add Muslims of , , , &amp; it will be 50 Cr+ their idea of Akhand Bharat. CAN HINDU/MUSLM EVER BE AT PEACE?
No such thing as "prophecy of hadith". Those tribe (ghazwa e hind) are essentially a rebel group of islamists formed after idiot Modi formed the BJ, i mean BJP party to kill and repress Muslims and strip them of citizenship. That video you linked below has no indication.
4. But same Mr. Trump supported Syrian Oil Takeover , he unilaterally Approved a Law regarding Palestinian Dispute without even asking them as per UN LAW . Than he uses words like "Islamic terrorism" ! Imagine if i adjoin the word Christian with Terrorism , How would u feel ?
@Dabiq_Warrior @Totenleserin Countryside will be easy to take. Mosul and Raqqa will be difficult because the Daesh will hid behind civilians
We Indian's have humanity in our hearts but those bastards are the only one who give birth to terrorist's on the name of jihad
@_d_n_verg_ @stevesalaita Nothing has any value for Arabs except the destruction of the Jews. And the Arabs must pay Palestine to destroy em
RT @geoffellis186: @Juliet777777 A simple question: ask complaining Muslims why #sikhs #hindus, #Jews, #budhists etc can integrate &amp; live h…
Do you have trouble saying Allah-Hu-Akbar? All the Islamic terrorists shouted the slogan before blowing themselves,slitting throats or raping Yazidi women,all the ISIS terrorists said Allah-Hu-Akbar,they read Quran. You don’t feel ashamed ?
Whatabouttery is a illogical tool developed by idiots who have agenda to not listen to complete story. I condemn killing of each on of the victims unlike you who would want them to be separately identify Muslim and non muslims victims.
@truaemusic Mohammed led 17 military expeditions, beheaded 600 Jews in one day, married a six year old girl, etc. etc. Get the picture?
This is how muslims treat gays. You are idiots.
By grew up in Army station doesn't prove patriotism, if you were true patriot should have not married to Pakistan Muslim. One of the idiot Swara Bhaskar is terrorist, daughter of stupid Uday Bhaskar retd col, Modi govt should stop his pension and retirement facilities,
You are right. No Christian woman will like this.
RT @Chris_1791: What about current slavery? #Ferguson #blacktwitter #DontAllBlackLivesMatter Afraid of Islam? http://t.co/AN93G7q3gg http:/…
@rayyoosheh 51 Christians or Hindus have been murdered for blasphemy by Muslim mobs in Pakistan alone. Why should Israel be subject to that?
Just like radical feminism, racism. Christian extremism and half the Tory party. None of which is specific to Islam. When you twist the issue to support your own specific bigotry you are displaying a similar process addiction in a different context.
Ms. Abrams please back up women's rights. If you are a Christian woman I respect your right to choose to not have an abortion but please allow other women to make up they own minds. Accept our American Right to decide for ourselves. Boycott Georgia and all anti-choice states
@LifeInKhilafah The prophet Mohammed was illiterate, superstitions, and knew nothing but war, theft and slave trading.
Why such doubt? I'll tell you you're a muslim Because most Hindus are progressive and doesn't consider caste for attending any pooja , but there's always an idiot muslim trying to divide others
@DianH4 The Saudis were the Mujahedeen before there was any involvement of the US.
An enigma, the left's support of a culture that condemns everything they stand for. All women, the lbgt community, and for that matter Jews and Christians, should condemn all Radical Muslims. Why support abuse of women, executing gays, threats to annhihilate other faiths?
Just wandering why Republicans are so corrupt And radical cristian racists who support racism nationalist and conservative values that protect criminals?
Could give you a lakh link of Islamic terrorism .Go Google Son.
@scamp_faridxx @cameIzzz The problem was not the communists atheism, but rather their totalitarianism, just like Islam.
Google se hi humanity ki sikhsha bhi le lia hote to jihad aur kafir walee shikao se to bache rehte, not blaiming you but your religion. surely every muslim is not terrorist accepted.
@truaemusic By hating the ideaology that enables it, that is what I'm doing.
Half minded Idiot if you very much interested in showing then their is also list of muslim massacre and still going on can view them also
How big of an Idiot are you? When govt of any nation issues a ban on applications, the official order will go to network service providers, app stores etc. Post that they will take action. Is it necessary to oppose everything just because you are a Muslim?
Replying to @David_W_Rose Stop being ridiculous! Reread what I wrote. It is the Muslims who behead idiot. I am not a Muslim. So you just threatened to get my IP address. Maybe I should report you to the FBI. Done
“ as a Muslim we are not supposed to judge people “ lmao says who? 2pac? Please don’t quote 2pac in religious matters you look like an idiot. Only God can judge me" / "Don't judge me" This concept does NOT exist in Islam. We judge by what’s apparent.
This idiot doesn't know that Muslims believe Isa(a.) is alive. But he never died in the first place. Because unlike Christians we don't believe him to be a god. Sorry bro. Your "love" is not real. And you know jack. But don't worry your ignorance will land you in hell for sure.
Is that the same Muslims that want to wipe you off the face of the earth!! #Idiot
#idiots #morons #nbcnews “so what have you accomplished?” Who died? Who went to jail? Your #propoganda #news has yet to mention #muslims started the #slave trade and still have them or indentured servants is the political correctness reality. Women can drive now in Saudi Arabia.
1.Mam no one is getting triggered. What you need to understand is if you are a muslim then only your religion is not peaceful. Not a single religion in the world teaches anyone to kill someone who follows other religion. It's just bunch of idiots who misuses the religion to get..
The EUSSR and U.K. has collectively agreed to solve all islamic terrorism, by no longer calling it islamic terrorism. The EUSSR press is no longer allowed to use the words islamic, muslim or terrorism when reporting on islamic terrorism
You are mad. Lol Savarkar never coined that If he would have then India would be 100% non Muslims. And never allowed them to take Kashmir First get the facts British &amp; Jinnah did it. Nehru was a scapegoat idiot, used &amp; thrown
What do you want to say you idiot, that mughal were not Terrorist. They killed lakhs of Non muslims they converted they raped. They broke temples. Have you ever gone through history or not??? You are so sick man.
@Truth_Haqq Islam declared war on all mankind 1400 years ago. Now we return the favor. http://t.co/av4B4yCQzY
Turning point is not good now they fight a Christian woman but standing up for what is right they going downhill really fast
But sad u didn't care about ISLAMIC TERRORISM. U just care about consequences but not the problem itself. Such journalists still showing face.
.@IsraeliPM make sure the Security Council deserves an Israeli Nuclear Disarmament every Hamas and Islamic Jihad Terrorist shall now die or surrender. Treat the Prisoner with Humanity only the surrendering Prisoner, carnage all others fighting God's wars. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwEOE7txRK0
The operation that took down al-Baghdadi was named after Kayla Mueller. Mueller was an American Christian woman and human rights activist who was kidnapped by ISIS. https://washex.am/2Pm0jq7
But that’s not what you were doing, ‘Eagle’ from Canada. You are a Trump hater; it’s evident from your page. Sadly, people will believe your revised and edited statement. You’re right though. The ‘Christian Woman’ talking point WAS stronger.
We have traitors here Muslims in the Democratic Party that support Isis &amp; radical Islamic groups they are in our politics to try to disrupt a Christian Nation as they have done in the past &amp; will continue to do until they are stopped this is a Christian Nation and always will be
Indian Muslim's are already Indian citizens you idiot. It shall not affect/snatch the rights of Indian citizens. Don't propogate rumours. Read the text yourself.
#AsiaBibi a Christian Woman who was sent to death under Pakistan’s blasphemy law .@ImranKhanPTI talks about human rights when his country violates human rights #Hindustan_Zindabad #HinduGenocide
We're just 13% away from our #GiveOUTDay Goal! Join our #PrideBecause campaign and support the cultivation of radical belonging for LGBTQ+ Christians and allies. All gifts are being matched through the end of the day! Visit http://qchristian.org/take-action to participate.
RSS killed 5 lac muslims in Jammu and forced 10 lac to migrate. That's a pogrom you idiot. 8 Kashmiri pandit before that fake RSS sponsored migration does not even begin to compare. Also in 1984 hindu fanatics murdered 35000 sikhs in a matter of hours, shameless people
You idiot . Read the tweet. Its coz of illiterate muslims like you the community is suffering and you electing a moron like @balala_ahmed . Shit politician @asadowaisi shame shame on muslims and Muslim mlas
Fantastic tweet Piers. Covers how I feel but by classing everyone who has a non racist opinion to you as "foaming at the mouth.. idiots" is out of order. Not all whites are racist... not all muslims are terrorists..... and not all blacks are muggers. Lets get it real and on board
Update: A brave Christian woman in Iran speaks Pray Mary continues to stand up for the rights of Christians in Iran. http://www.odusa.org/prayerapp
Pradip Prabhu's activism in support of the marginalised sections of people is inspired by a radical Christian action movement called Liberation Theology which originated in Latin American countries in the late sixties.
@realDonaldTrump By putting india in USCIRF list you invite new problem for trump , one side trump said Islamic terrorism nd one side u said CCA is wrong it show ur dual face. Be coz if this only trump may lose in election . We common ppl knw about india .
ALLAH'S ARMY CONSISTS OF MANY MANY TERRORIST GROUPS=ISIS,TALIBAN, BOKA HARAM, HEZBOALLAH,ETC. ETC.ETC. THE MIDDLE EAST IS WHERE ISLAM ORIGINATED AND MUSLIMS ARE BOUND AND DETERMINED TO LIVE OUT THE QURAN, WHICH CALLS FOR DEATH DESTRUCTION AND ENDLESS WAR...
Lets well all stand tall. Let us we all United against a Radical Islamic terrorism. Time to united not against terrorism but also against those insiders who supports them nd funds them. अब का उपयोग करने का समय आ गया है| @KapilMishra_IND we r with u #HinduUnitedAgainstTerror
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews That should be true. But ISIS exists to follow the religion exactly.
Demographic shift already happened when KASHMIRI HINDUS WERE MASSACRED BY KASHMIRI MUSLIMS-till today none of u propagandists write fr d exiled victims of ISLAMIC TERRORISM,India is now rectifying its mistakes of d past,when demography was changed with brutality, its now or never
Because you're such a welbehaved christian woman right?
There is no 'Muslim Ban' you idiot. How in the hell did the democrats even pick this guy? 2 of the 7 aren't even Muslim, and they're all on the ban because their vetting systems S-U-C-K!!
@KeeganNYC @syedmuhammad555 Sure. Why do one third of Muslims want to murder people who want to leave Islam? http://t.co/PqW3lGrmH5
That's how low is the thinking capability of each and every muslim in India For you there are only uneducated or fake degree holders in India , expect those taught by Mullah in madrasa Sad!You are just a frog in a well Stop being a communal idiot Be secular
You are not bhakt of allah, you are bhakt of mullah that orders what to do or not, what to wear etc. All terrorist groups are created on the behalf of kafir and jihad. Islam is danger for humanity. For islamist, religion comes first then country, but for us country first.
Arguing with idiot is wasting time What about upper cast lower cast system..do you even allow dalits to enter temples ...shut up and who is killing Muslims ? See the facts https://www.meatpoultrynutrition.org/content/great-taste-alone-shouldnt-dictate-your-dietary-choices-here-are-12-good-reasons-meat-and
You'd rather wish all the Muslim women sit at home than go out &amp; work &amp; live as independent women. Ofcourse this patriarchal mindset of u ppl will never change. That's why you always target other religions than figuring out how ur own women r suffering jus bcoz of idiots like u.
Expect trouble this weekend from the radical Christians that support him.
Arre idiot,you were saying that thr communist and Muslim was together. Endu oru Mandan Anu da?
Oh really. Then kindly shed that who brought problem in Libya, Syria, Iraq etc. was it Islamic terrorism or NATO/US. If i demolish India then what u will do? Definitely fight back right. Taliban govt likeway asked after 9/11 give proof for OBL which was not given. Rest is history
you are the same as the idiots chanting all lives matter. there are black muslims too so try to amplify their voices perhaps
Watch our JM speak, & replace White, with Protestant, Catholic, Muslim, Jew, Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Gay, Trans, whatever you like Then ask yourself if you condone this speech If you do, congratulations, you’re as much a cunt as this fucking idiot standing there abusing Whites
Muslim Ban? ROFL. Trump included the same exact countries that were on Obama's list. The countries in the ban only represent 10% of the global Muslim population. So as 'Muslim bans' go, This one missed the mark by a large margin. You're an idiot.
Lol last week @MaajidNawaz you said your Muslim this week your not. You have a lot in common with these terrorist fools via distorting the #Quran and never providing context like isis do hence why you were radicalised. And now your creating more hate #lies on #LBC
OMG it’s a radical fake Evangelical. It’s not too late to become a real Christian. I will pray for you. Please tell me how you can support a man who lies, steals, rapes teenage girls, 3 marriages and having affairs during each marriage. He is not the chosen one.
If you support trump you fall into 3 categories. You are: 1. A racist, white supremacist 2. A radical “christian” that is trying to end a women’s right to her body 3. A millionaire/billionaire who wants to keep all the $$in a few hands Full stop
RT @curdistani: ISIS trying to stop people fleeing Talabyad (Gre Spi) with lie of tht thy have captured #Kobane&amp;rocket voices hit near are …
I'm sorry you had to go through this. The way they talk about rape and other religions shows we have a problem in the Muslim community. These idiots need to be educated and locked up. They have the mentality of terrorists. They definitely do not represent Islam.
ISIS started by hardened terrorists, thugs &amp; criminals needed but not wanted by minority Sunni against Maliki oppression. Simple humanity.
There was no muslim ban you idiot! Stop spreading lies and false information! The ban was on travel from countries of state sponsored terrorism or aligned with terrorism. Educate yourself!
We as Catholics/ Christians cannot stand idle while voices speaking out against tyrannical forces like BLM &amp; ANTIFA support the silencing and censorship of those who stand against their radical believes.
Boo ing rammadhav http://speech.My man u are raising a valid point about facism.But please read about facism a little bit.And also show the proof that RSS is involving terrorism like Isis and radical islamic terrorism.Can u interview the same with the
@guardian have goes through the story and understood each lines in the word. But if one Muslim make this write-up you and idiot like you will say he/she is fanatics. Though the doesn't know what he is saying, their man made Religion he lead them astray.
Stop being an idiot &amp; trying to obfuscate the issue. It’s been proving many times to you by others that your Fave, did in fact, own slaves. From my own own experience growing up in Africa, I know many North African Muslims have a heavy legacy of black slavery too. Read a book
Stop lying to mislead the useful idiots of the left. It was not a “Muslim ban” and you know it.
How can u say that ISIS is Islamic organization? It’s just a terrorist organisation nothing more, bcz through Quran ,If u killed an innocent person u killed humanity,and if u save a single person u save humanity “ that’s our Islam,
Mosque has became a place of terrorist and fundamentalist who are against humanity and peace .They are using this place to gather at one point for spreading #Jihad and terror and violence like situation all around the area of mosque
Right? Maybe because he has asskisser Pence praising him in the most ungodly show I’ve ever seen. I don’t get it either. But I will ask a Christian woman I work with what is fucking up?
@Kaepernick7 the Black Arab Muslims in North Africa (your ancestors) enslaved millions from 1500-1800. You're an idiot.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime There was no Muslim golden age. Those states were always slave states.
But I agree whoever is against our Nation and culture should be die Because u know how badly we r suffering from islamic terrorism in the daily baisis many hindus r dying by the jehadi but no one has raised our voice even media too instead of supporting truth the r spreading lie
Oh reaaaaaaaaly! Every Londoner did feel safe before the knife wielding Muslim youngsters started stabbing white people. What kind of a idiot are you. We did not have these problems before you became Mayor. Your contract has ended. Get out of our Capital City.
You're unhinged every day! You claimed in the past to #MeganKelly that you are a Christian woman, where does Christianity end for you, at the microphone or the TV camera or the steps to the people's house. Integrity madam is doing the right thing even when no one is watching.
We did not kick you out. You left because India pulled you out. We all know the truth. You can spin the Islamic Terrorism &amp; genocide narrative as much as you want. It ain’t gonna fly in the long run. Truth always comes out. Now keep crying over Kashmiriyat u closed door schemers
It's not hypocrisy you idiot. Jimmy Kimmel &amp; karl malone are great friends. They have youtube videos from a year ago, called all alone with karl malone. Roseann called valerie Jarrett a cross between a Muslim &amp; planet of the apes. Roseann &amp; valerie are NOT friends.
Hate speech and motivation to riot can be given sitting any were.. may be even today in custody? What is Zakir Naik doing sitting is Malaysia? That idiot is ploting against Hindus and instead it's going against other Indian Muslims working in OIC states.. Do you know that?
Y dnt u try to hate the Islamic terrorism policies. Y dnt u try to hate the mentality of making the whole world Islamist?? U hypocrite Ms.
RT @riwired: .@HillaryGuess That pleased Hitler. Grand Mufti provided Hitler w/ armies of Muslim soldiers from Europe. #Tszarnev @VileIslam…
Pakistani intelligence agency ISI trying to provok Indian Muslims against govt to break rules in lockdown. Dear mr. Idiot imran Khan grow some balls for a face to face fight. I know you can't even your Bajwa can't. #PakistanAgainstMinorities
Radical Christians = Radical Muslims. The majority of Muslims don't support ISIS yet you lump them into one catagory.
@MintPressNews Humanity nowaday is KILL MOSLEMS AS MUCH AS U WANT, WHEN THEY DO JIHAD KILL THEM MORE,, COVER IT BY ACCUSED THEM AS TERRORIST
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Any achievements by Jews in Spain was despite Islam, not because of it.
Bless you . You probably believe all Muslims are terrorists too?! There are a few idiots in every race/culture/pub/church. Don’t judge everyone to hold the same idiotic opinions.
Christian Woman in Pakistan Dies After Being Set on Fire for Refusing to Convert to Islam! That very Pakistani PM talks about human rights, on Indian occupied Kashmir ! https://amredeemed.com/end-time-headlines/christian-woman-in-pakistan-dies-after-being-set-on-fire-for-refusing-to-convert-to-islam-marry-muslim/
1stly it’s not occupied it’s ours & Kashmiri’s r Indians, 2nd don’t bluff around our Soldiers who r saving them frm radical Islamic terrorism. 3rdly it’s a plotted act to demean n make ppl like u spread a narrative. I feel sorry for ppl who liked this tweet wud word “occupation”
Really Have u ever heard of Hindu terrorism ...? But whole world have heard Islamic terrorism. U guys are such a shame . Just for money you have insulted ur own religion all over world. Shame
@hu_4u I read the Quran and the Hadiths.  Disgusting and inhuman.
Why you judging straight Muslims now, going against your own words you idiot
He also jumped in front of cameras day after riots began and boldly laid blame on radical leftists &amp; antifa. There was no data to support Barr’s remarks. He said them anyway. Lawless &amp; political this guy. Oh, I bet he is Christian though. PS Facts are in from MN &amp; Barr lied.
RT @joe_nuzz: Ezra Levant - From Canadian jihadis to ISIS, it's all Islam http://t.co/hWHVLwbWIS via @wordpressdotcom
I bet you were shrieking about Trump's "concentration camps" while ignoring the Chinese treatment of Muslims and it's own workforces weren't you? Describing you as a "useful idiot" is wholly inaccurate only in so far that its a wanton underestimation of how badly wrong you are.
Balls of steel PRESIDENT TRUMP in Arizona to support USA Citizens with opening the state!DemocRATS you hate me I am persecuted Christian by your friends radical Islam refugee trying to keep my business open so I can help my family and continue living the American Dream! You Evil!
RT @Cameron_Gray: "Muslim Americans feel they've been targeted” - Obama No mention of Jews, victims 60% of the time (h/t @joelengel) http:…
Please do the right thing. I am a white Christian woman and I know that the right thing to do is to terminate the jobs of the police officers who shot Brionna Taylor - and then to arrest them for murder. Do. Your. Christian. Duty
Don't try to argue useless things, it was masjid from 1453 to 1934 then museum & back to masjid in 2020 why an idiot like you insisting it to be church? Flush your head if sense able Muslim. Even masjid e Nabvi &amp; Kabab will fall before end of times it is when angels won't be 1/2
To hide and cover up islamic terrorism and ur hate against Hindus, u call Modi terrorist. Modi faced all investigations under UPA rule,u hav no faith in Indian judiciary if it doesn't appease u
You might be the idiot of the day. Muslim women wear masks for religious reasons. And the only economy crashing I see is the one driven by Trump’s refusal to take the virus seriously from the beginning and properly preparing the nation for it. I can see what you’re blind to.
There are more Freemasons , way more ! Muslim Brotherhood is the biggest Masonic fraternity in the world . Eastern Star is another . Also many other Blue Lodges . You must think people are idiots if you say Freemasons are small in number , quite the opposite , too many !
@FarooqSumar @NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal The Jews lived on 40% of the Arabian penninsula before the pedophile prophet started to murder them
I suspect the whole report of the college dropout was a set up by the NYT. A complete fairy tale. It's simply a way to confirm that social media is doing the right thing banning conservatives and Christians. Note how they threw in "he dated a Christian woman" Absolute twash!
hell yeah, rollercoster brain juice sisters! right now i'm in a young christian woman from 1930's chile profusely in love with a widowed fisherwoman kind of mood so my current favs are love your god and bright blue flowers
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 Muslims always look to excuse the barbarity of Islam by changing the subject.
ISIS is just another example of a terrorist organization that uses Quran. JUST LIKE FETULLAH GULEN MOVEMENT.
Chaldeans think that they're being good Catholics when they hate all Muslims and generalize and stereotype.. It gives them an excuse to not ACTUALLY practice Christian Catholicism... that's why most of you idiots never even read the Bible.. Pathetic
@agent_of_change lmfao you’re so stupid. No colonialism? #HongKong #Tibet #Philippines No genocide? Like their Muslim population right now? No slavery? Right they want to work for $.20/day. You really are an idiot. Darwin Awards here you come.
Disease is biggest terrorist !Its Jihad against Humanity is never ending terror !
Still on your last paragraph, what you seek is political power, political domination in d world, same as the terrorist Isis and bokoharam. They're ready to kill everything on their path to achieve this. But Allah warn against this several times in the Holy Quran (16:127)(5:68)
@_Elreda I guess your idea of a Muslim joke looks like this. #Islam http://t.co/2WVivYIkk5
It’s just that mental gymnastics that this woman jumped through that blew me. You’re a good Christian woman but FUCK reading the Bible am i right?
you can't help but laugh when muslim teens (mostly girls) are trying to get a bf/gf, and then claim to be a believer in Islam. there's no such thing as bf/gf in Islam, either you're married, or you're not. it's a grave sin. idiots.
@AAlwuhaib1977 And the Muslim bigots have been attacking Hindus and Buddhists and atheists and anamists all over the world daily.
Your entire distinction on humans is kafirs and Muslims.. And u are taking about dropping ideology. First question Islam first.. Question ISIS and 100+ terrorist organisation who keeps Mohammad and Islam as there organising name. Question a kafir statement in quran first
Idiot stop spreading fake news it happened in pallakad not in mallapuram. If you want go read newspaper. Just because it is a Muslim majority area doesn't mean you can degrade it.
How much would you pay to see this idiot tell a Muslim that they need not depend on Allah.?? The Man is a Coward. Just like when Hitler picked on the Jewish People. He goes after people who believe in God. Communist DO NOT believe in Religion. That is why the Churches are closed
You talking as Idiot , Narendra Modi Involved in Muslim's Genocide as well as Minorities are at risk in india. BJP is Terrorist Organisation Which is Ruling Party of India. Citizen Bill was also a game of Genocide Minorities in india by BJP's Fascist gov.
@Fitri_Ainnur @epicloser Why should the world care when Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
WALLAHI STOP SPEAKING OVER MUSLIMS IF YOU ARE A CHRISTIAN, ATHEIST OR FROM OTHER RELIGION. MY RELIGION IS NOT YOUR WEAPON IN A FANWAR. LEAVE ISLAM OUT OF IT IDIOTS.
@striv5r @abunaseeha2 And if you are over 12 you will have to go and die for Baghdadi next week.
Vent...drama...they don't care...they laugh...you are all useless idiots...BLM...what about Palestinians, white, native American Indians, Iraqs, Afghanistans, Yemens, Syrians, CHRISTIANS, MUSLIMS, unborn children...get real. You accomplish NOTHING. AND YOU IDIOTS WEAR FACEMASKS?
Osama, ISIS and others became terrorists after reading Quran. That's why we don't read the book which makes terrorists.
“‘A Christian woman,’ he said contemptuously, “is saying a Jewish cartoonist is anti-Semitic.” Well, yes, precisely. And she’s right. The Christian woman &amp; the formerly Muslim one, Ms. Ali, know exactly what anti-Semitism is. &amp; the Jewish cynic not only doesn’t, he promotes it”
Wouldnyou say the same if it were a book being banned to placate some radical evangelical Christian Group? (I don’t support them. I just don’t support cancel culture.)
LoveDay ! Had you consumed Fevicol when @ICC asked Dhoni to drop the Balidan insignia from the gloves ? Soldier lives don't matter ??? Idiot can see only Dalit and Muslim. Idiot.. Bhadwa
smarter than you !! idiot! muslim country all support China. criticize China's country all christian state..Have you ever been to china? only watch fake news..
Are u a total idiot or you being dumb on purpose !? Where in my tweet did I say I’m defending him? I’m talking about reactions from media outlets, boris Johnson said Muslim women look like litter boxes. What punishment did he get .. I’ll wait
@dankmtl @AAlwuhaib1977 @PeaceNotHate_ No asshole, the Israelis are defending themselves against this. https://t.co/8cmfoOZwxz
@FarooqSumar @NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal As this Palestinian makes clear, they are Egyptians and Saudis and that Arabs must destroy Jews....
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets Jews used to live on 40% of the Arabian Penninsula.  Muslims have virtually exterminated them.
The radical left will cry racism and claim you are not a Muslim if you do not follow their ways. African Americans are called non blacks and racists if they support Trump and leave the democrat party. Evangelicals are called non Christians if they follow Trump. I see a trend.
Ellison is a islamist Sharia rat who is baiting ANTIFA to destroy America. You don't see any Muslims out in the streets rioting do we? These ANTIFA idiots are doing the work of Islamist.
@murasllh @levantin47415 Attacking innocent unarmed civilians is the only success the Daesh have any more.
Yeah.. Sis you are right.. Instead of spreading love and happiness he just mixing things between our sincerity and the betray of himself.. May Allah help all the Muslim around the world facing idiots like him and like Indians.. Amen
...Classic case of Indian cognitive dissonance. Some idiots even asked women to take off their hijab so the crowd looks less Muslim and people believe that it’s a more inclusive movement. (The movement was never exclusive, but you can’t force anyone to participate.)...
** STOP APPROPRIATING PERSECUTION ** White Christian Woman you are gonna be FINE. Nobody's coming for you, so why do you LOVE to proclaim they are? Isn't that Bearing False Witness? At best they're coming for your False Idols- ...you guys are still against those, right?
#CAA_NRC_Protest #CAAProtests #CAA2019 #Muslims Fellow moderate Muslims, Hindu, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Christian &amp; Parsis. Radical Muslims supported by anti-national @INCIndia &amp; @cpimspeak mounted civil disobedience. Please rise and support Govt in its effort to defeat them.
You're idiot. Those "minorites" aren't actually MINORITIES. They're more than 200 million on record(30 to 40 Millions off record, which is more than entire US Population). CAA is just for those come to India before 31st Dec '14 except Muslim. If Rohangiya can't live peacefully
@HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan Now you see ISIS following the Quran and Hadiths and prophet exactly in their genocide.
@ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam The  Muslims have never stopped their quest to exterminate Jews. #Islam http://t.co/BHkr3Xrxpg
I hope your right, but it's hard for me having been raised by an amazing Christian woman who has never insulted anyone she ever had an issue with, believe that a man who so easily cuts down and insults people in public both walk the same path when it comes to Christianity
Just hoping this song the message reaches the right people #terrorist #jihad #ISIS #peace #love #humanity
@discerningmumin Oh please. Lecture me about porn when Muslims are the worlds biggest porn consumers and Islamic heaven is a brothel.
Yes..can see what Chinese do to own country.... Xinjiang is live example ....how millions of Muslims are humiliated everyday and are deprived of basic human rights....you idiot Muslims in Pakistan don't even raise voice for that...don't talk about own people you rented troll.
Call me whatever you want... i dont give a fcuk... i dont want to start calling names, coz I'm really really bad at it... Still you asked for reliable resources to show that there was a virus spread... only muslims spread virus dude only muslims
RT @PeterTownsend7: #isis #quran #Islam 'No Compulsion in Religion' (Qu'ran 2:256)? Think again!  http://t.co/58fFleMt1n http://t.co/fXZDSr…
"-song recently-" which i interrupt w "she released a second one today!" "At this rate the album will be out soon right? Anyways, she is a christian woman, yet she's spent all these years making sure she isn't labeled a "christian artist," because it limits her audience." Then
@dankmtl Again, idiot, none of that changes the ratio of Muslims to Christians in Palestine. Only Muslim bigotry and abuse changes it.
People hate that he's direct. Fact remains you can't advocate for equality and be a true Christian woman because there's no equality in Christendom. If you doubt me, open Ephesians 5:22-24. Reno is right. You know what's funnier? Those that are Muslims and are feminists
Bro, before 4 yrs if u google Islamic terrorism all kinds of bomb blasts, 26/11 images, godhra train burning images pop up but now.... nothing instead RSS ppl carrying swords and CAA images r being shown I've never been scared like this something's fishy
RT @hotheads_com_au: @Greg389 @Juliet777777 @TRobinsonNewEra ISIS is the distraction while Muslims invade Europe while Europe is asleep at …
Irfan bhai.. Indians love you.. thats it.. Do not care about any idiot person... Do not get upset by these fake Hindu, Muslim, Sikh or isaai.. U
Are you a radical Hindu fundamentalist ? Are you in any way connected to the RSS, a fascist, militant Hindu organization in india, do you condone lynching of Muslims and Christians by radical Hindus in india ? Do you support Modi’s lockdown of Kashmir ? Time to come clean.#NoS386
You are bad and hate Saudi Arabia, And the Muslim Brotherhood is bad and they hate Saudi Arabia. Therefore, you agree with each other and do not warn of each other's ideas .. !! Who is an idiot? me or you?
All the Muslim voters vote for the alliances which will fight the communal bigots . Don't vote for bjp agents like @asadowaisi. He is an idiot who is hell bent on destroying you're own community .
That could be true for you if you support radical islamism and sharia, but if you belong to Kurds, Christians or other minorities slaughtered by FSA terrorists you would think otherwise.
You can't be Christian and wear mixed fabrics! It's in Leviticus! You can't be a Christian woman and attempt to educate a man- it's right there in the Bible!
Can any one say why you hindu idiots are blamming yourselfs , have you ever seen muslim worshipping lord Ganesha , stop this fake propaganda let's urge for justice #JusticeForElephant
How are you gonna call me an idiot when you’re the one who calls yourself a Muslim when you can’t even read a lick of Arabic, much less anything in the actual Quran? What does that make you?
The main point is they can't all be terrorists surely? There are always a few idiots. By oppression you end up creating a bigger problem with inheld rage and hate building for generations. In the UK we don't en masse round up every muslim for the actions of a few crazy folk.
Terrorists are a consequence of a radical belief system. High time people stopped being politically correct and called out Islamic Jihad for what it is, a threat to humanity and peace. #IsraelUnderFire
Here we go, stop your baiting you idiot, there are hundreds of attacks on non Muslims by Muslims every year in the uk that do not get recorded as terrorism, wind it in you muppet.
You're timeline shows your racism and bigotry. You pose as a Christian, but everything you support is about white the supremacists point of view. Jesus, wasn't white. Jesus preached acceptance of others Jesus embraced the "other" Jesus was a radical, socialist Jew.
How can you rightfully say every Muslim is like these idiots?
Gonna be weird if Epstein’s girlfriend starts talking about those parties with Trump and the young girls.... you’ll start supporting his victims then, you’re a Christian woman, right?
While you’re an idiot . And your bringing religious shrines into the equation , do you have any vague idea of how many Muslim shrines are opened to be visited from pakistayin India and that too with no visiting fee. I went there and paid . Imagine if meccah madina did s same
U r talking of humanity! U , one greatest islamist never spoke against Islamic Terrorism. U r talking of humanity? U look a human being? R u really so?
My questions and concerns are ignored by you but the Father hears and knows my heart- how can you support Linda Sarsour - a known person affiliated with Muslim Brotherhood and I#the Q’atar and Radical Islamists killing many Christians and Jews, Hindus
@unteenable 1/3 of the religion is ready to murder apostates.  There are no "moderate Muslims" http://t.co/rHENXNvhbO
@LUVSHINECAFE @bradybaggett When religious war, jihad, is a cornerstone of the religion there is no possibility for reform.
Pastor Ralph Reed: Evangelicals have "moral obligation" to support Trump, in other words to support Trump's careless launch of Islamist radical Jihad against Syriac Christians the Kurds were protecting. Who would have ever seen Trump green lighting Jihad?
Do you think I hate the muslims? I as the 90% of world hate the extremism Islamic with the sharia, the nazi - communist and all the idiots razzist.. I am razzist happy against them. The muslims are victims of extremism jadhist and I will be happy of this doctor Zaid.
Humanity is on the side of India ! Interpol will definitely help India in getting terrorist Zakir Naick in spite of Malaysian help. Zakir preaches that every Muslim sud indulge in Jihad ag. non Muslims n kill the Hindus at every opportunity !
Was he praying and shouting ALLAH AKBAR and reading quran before he stabbed people and was there twitter account called ISIS claimed responsibility as terrorist attack??? or is it mentally ill disturbed white non muslim man????
What is that saying” Birds of a feather ............. together “ What happened to Seth Rich good Christian woman? Dead men tell no tales. Right?
No you idiot lol. All should be treated equally. Black men are treated the same as Muslim men. Guilty. Oddly And head coverings is seen as Muslim, which isn’t the case. Prejudice in police is wrong.
But its ok to chop off the head of Christians like the radical muslims you support.
@Religiolizer The problem is that the cathedral doesn't understand that he prophet Mohammed declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
Gandhi would have definitely hated Muslim Bigot called Saba Naqvi. You should focus on educating yourself. Idiots like you are just literate but not educated.
She was not a role model for anyone.. she's actor trashy all the way through this program.. she has acted overtly sexual with all these men.. I think he was right with his concerns.. if anything she has not shown how a Christian woman should act..
Civilians and children are the victims in Taliban terrorists so called Jihad. Taliban are criminals and their deeds are #warcrimes and crimes against humanity. how do they sleep at night by killing children and women? @Zabehulah_M33 @alemara_ar @SediqSediqqi @AkramhMohajer
Right, he is a poor 83 year old man, he does not have the strength to shake the hand of a petite Christian woman. But there is no lack of strength to bow to his old knees, kissing the feet of African leaders. I call this hypocrisy! #popeslap #PopeFrancis #Violence
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime You only have to count the corpses to see that Islamic extremism is widespread.Jewish not
Very true , terrorism killing humanity every day &amp; still we want to treat them with humanity ...its evident tht terrorist dead body use to incites More Kashmiri For jihad &amp; now its become fashion. To whome u r fearing @narendramodi &amp; @AmitShah if there is no relegion of terror
Trump also resumed funding Sunni (Taliban aka students of Quran and their ISIS Regiment) aka Pakistan underscoring his return to the old pro Sunni Arab (terrorist) trajectory intended to establish the Sharia on the rubble of civilization as demanded by Quran and Hadith
@dankmtl And off course the fact that the same is happening to minority populations all over the ME goes over your vacuous head.
Meagan Good thats a good and fine Christian woman right there
Tell us when Muslims set fire to Dalit houses and we’ll make sure it trends and receives media attention. Not just national, INTERNATIONAL media. “Political angle”, you idiot, if she was Brahmin the boy wouldn’t have the guts to face her father, let alone kill him too.
The muslims in this video are black btw you idiot
Oh, sweet, hypocritical Lindsey, we do. We know that our good Christian Kurdish friends helped us defeat the radical ISIS Islamic radicals on the Syrian/Turkish border, and your good friend @realDonaldTrump removed our support for seemingly no reason. You can kindly go F off!
What data? I don’t agree with you. But if you want to deceive yourself by blindly believing that there is such a thing as “Islamic” terrorism then be my guest. Islam has no place for violence. To u ur beliefs to me mine. Just some parting words from ur scripture:
Rape and Terrorism Comparison itself is incorrect in their magnitude of ramifications. The cliche all Muslims aren't terrorists doesn't impress a bit. Love Jihad to mass bombings only Islamic Terrorists and Islamic Terrorists organisations are waging war against humanity.
"Alawite genocide against Christians" "Christians overwhelmingly support Assad govt because it saved them from radical militants" "Germans loved Hitler too." "sky is red" "No the sky is blue" "The sky is now racist and must be put to death to save it from being put to death"
well you are surely an idiot for making an idiotic statement that all accused in these cases accepted Hindutva agenda. How did you come to know about their agenda? Did you bother to read the FIRs, chargesheets etc? and what about those cases where hindus were lynched by muslims?
Reason for not replying is because you are unable to I am only asking if you can admit that the muslims soldiers,who also follow their religion, are better than you.And you just can't. You are not replying but you already gave your answer by not admitting. What an Idiot.
The big question then arises why do Christians support a party like Congress and the Commies. They always tends to side up with radical Islamists and Commies. If they are serious then they should stop supporting Congress and Commies altogether.
India banned ertugrul. Then idiots would want you to watch their 902029383883488 gods instead of a Muslim statesman. Lemme guess. It has something to do with Kashmir
So should we allow Muslims from other countries that are here illegally vote into law sharia law so they feel more comfortable and included. If so, then we're no longer a country, we're no longer Americans. If you allow other countries to dictate your laws, you're an idiot.
@Kaya786 @fai3an_H The problem is that I have far more knowledge of Islam than you and it is your mind that has been shrunken by Islam.
Some idiot says this and you try to generalize it! While Muslims are phobic for any &amp; all issues, there are people who has some Muslim phobic views too. Don't you come up viewing every thing as conspiracy against Muslim?
at the end, the ISIS groups are ignorant about Islam just like kkk and other terrorist groups. if u want to learn more about Islam take a Quran and read it by your self and will see the difference between isis and Islam. it was nice to meet you bro
I call them criminals.m not interested in their religion..but If u r saying those criminals r Muslim. hence Proved. It is Islamic Terrorism..Corona jihad..
mere muslim friends hai jo aisa nhi sochte because it's literally stupid just like Prashar Smrti promoting sati. Similarly you can also claim that Bible promotes slavery but idiot that's not what people believe in, cherry picking things from religious text is a ...
What do you want to say? That's what the main tweet is also about, only Hindu idiots show bhaichara. Else Hindus are just chara for muslim extremists. What an idiot
I agree, but it is not Islam who teach them terrorism those are some terrorist molvis who teach them jihad against humanity.
If pakistan sponsor & wage an armed in kashmir,its called JIHAD,If Balochistan struggle peacefully for there basic human right,Thay are labeled as terrorist.what kind of hypocrisy is this ? Bhekaristan is a threat of humanity,Free #Balochistan from illegal pakistan occupation.
@YusufPeaceful @tummala82 @IndyVoices There is no reason at all why a hate cult cannot be banned.
@mutaSawwif There isn't even a remote comparison between Abu Grahib and those images. And what happens in those images represents Islam.
I need fellows with a good Christian woman that acting loves God. You can't just go to any church much of what o Is preached today isn't right. I've went to so many church's. I've been listening to Jimmy Swaggert he's the only church Preaching the truth in my area and I live
@AnushkaSharma if u have guts to make a movie on Islamic terrorism then let me know I will pay as much as u want.. Your will get more TRP then PK and PL
@MJayRosenberg Maybe they are not that anxious to have a bigot like Blumenthal encourage even more Muslims to murder more Jews in France.
Do you not mean Noah Hyde Law you idiot! Who do you think rules America its certainly not the Muslims
@congressman_aly I know that they force the same sexism, hatred and bigotry on their population that all Islamolunatics do.
The terrorist nation of Pakistan has started recruiting kids to wage jihad against India. It is high time that #FATFshouldBlacklistPakistan to save the world and save humanity. @FATFNews #FATF #Fatfblacklist
@pNibbler @AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal The majority have radical and violent opinions when they are polled about them. http://t.co/LnGUHxNRyJ
What idiot. Got caught with foot in mouth. Now blaming so called Sanghis. I am a citizen&amp;Hindu. Found your comment revealing of consistent Congress Mentality of somehow making Muslims more equal than others. First was PM MMS &amp; now you. Don’t expect us to vote for your Party-ever
Hahaha look at u sir.U r going to mid 19th century to defend IslamicTerrorism..Then that forces me to talk about 1400 years of Islamic terrorism..That would strengthen my stand..But I wont do that..Bcoz thats stupidity what u r doing... V r effected of present terrorism not past
Black. White. Hispanic. Muslim. Christian. Woman. Man. ... As long as he/she is capable and is doing right by/for people, race or belief don't matter. It must be 200% better than that villain (+ administration) that is in the WH right now. #VoteBidenToSaveAmerica
Mudafucker, I'm writing you now to reply me or else. I will post what you sent to me on every Muslim Twitter handle that i know. Idiot
Toronto is a fucking joke, racism exists and you idiots just gave that subway shorty 1k followers for what saying the N Word?? Telling Muslims to speak English??? This is apart of the problem, you guys enable it because “she’s bad, nice ass” fucking problematic.
@zh_ha89 Women did't lead squat. A woman can never be Caliph. Her testimony is half that of a man. She get's nothing for Jihad.
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets Your prophet started exterminating Jews from the very beginning.  Like the destruction of Khybar.
I'm friends with Atheists, Episcopalians, Catholics, Muslims &amp; Jewish people and a big part of our friendship is not calling each other idiots. There is a proverb that you catch more bees with honey than with vinegar, but my mother-in-law assures me beer catches even more.
Pakistani Terrorism. Not Islamic. JkP mostly Indian Muslims. Killed individual Indian Muslim. U meant to say Islamic terrorism is now against Muslims? Call it what it is. Don't drag religion here. Otherwise I can drag Hindu Terrorism too. Be Indian.
Happy Pride Month!! Although I do identify as a straight cisgender woman, I support you all. As a Christian woman I love you all and I support your fight for equal rights and I support you in who you choose to love #PrideMonth2020
@NuritBaytch @MaxBlumenthal  Impossible to understand how people like Blumenthal can rant, given 1400 years of abuse of Jews by Muslims.
If one retired army officer does something brutal, then the whole army is bad. And when some terrorist do the same and some idiot calls out the whole Muslim community on this, then you people say that some people doesn't represent the whole community!. Why so hypocrisy?!
But Please pray for these people who are serving to humanity..!! Because bangalore me aise hi Muslims volunteers par attack hua thaa during ration kits distribution. So hindutva terrorist attacks na kare keh yeh help Jihad kar raha hai..! @ShaikhMohdArif_ @im_seerat
Do faithful Christians support the radical, Marxist, violent, lawless, perversion-affirming BLM organization? Do not be bound together with unbelievers; for what partnership have righteousness and lawlessness, or what fellowship has light with darkness? — 2 Corinthians 6:14
What if 80% Hindus goes against Islamic terrorists who r killing humanity all ovr d world for the sake of Quran, jihad! No Intolerance Now?
Don't worry.. you idiots started this, but remember we'll conclude it in our style.. Like 1971.. You bootlicker paki, same China hv kept millions of Muslims in concentration camp.. Still you don't have guts to uttar a word.. Anyway slaves don't speak against master rt..
Those banks around the world who destroyed the Muslim countries rebuild our homes now. I know you idiots don’t have the power to return the millions lives that were killed. I mean all the countries to be build. Killing us for oil that belongs to the people they dying from hunger
Lol..good Christian woman right there
@IlhanMN why did you allow the fraud of Minnesota welfare system, in the tune of $300,000,000.00 ? To support radical muslins? The money you knew/know is being stole from Minnesota pockets paid for recent bombings and killing of Christians
Whichever Idiot is hurting others in name of religion is an extremist Idiot and if every muslim believed that then we'd be seeing all Muslims killing other people and if I can give you one Muslim who does not believe in killing others then your statement will become false
#JihadVsZee#All SUPPORT for Positive ,full of Humanity and Truth Jihad of Zee against Negative and Destructive Jihad of Terrorists' thought against India and Humanity ! All Destructive and inhuman minds ! Why don't they finish off their own dirty minds !
What do u expect? They wear the keffiyah! They are culturally appropriating islamic terrorism.
@jihadi_11 @Sheikh_Times3 What do you care, scumbag? You murder and enslave unarmed Ezidi and Christian civilians.
Idiot. I lived there for over 30 years. You are lying. They do not have their own police force. They might have a neighborhood watch like the Muslims, the LGBTQ, the students at Columbia, the Guardian Angels and so on. Stop being an idiot.
Allha is pussi man sale terrorist isis Taliban Osama billaden Muslim countries you know 9/11...26/11 hu is terrorist Quran or Muslim all Muslim are terrorist https://twitter.com/akrmalrqymy/status/1260988142636711936
I'm sorry you expierienced that mate,but sadly every country has idiots.i live in Edinburgh,a wonderfull multicultural city,with many Muslims and a beautifull mosque..we also have many people that fully support our oppressed Muslim brothers abroad#free Palestine..
Women get weird DMs from dudes whose profile contains platitudes about looking for the right Christian woman, and pics of sunsets. Men get DMs from porn spambots. Which is worse?
why don't you idiots protest during muslim festivals
Sonam which age are u living in ? There is no caste in India now. It is only Islamic terrorism Islamic racism and Islamic intolerance that is growing and need to be fought
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime The problem with Islam is that it cannot be fixed and still be Islam.
Ur religion teaches to kill kafir and u r talking about abuse.whole world starting from trump,to chin all are saying Islamic terrorism
@MaxBlumenthal @Ajzionts ...tries to make a case that the Israelis protecting themselves against Muslim bigotry are the ones to blame.
And there we have it, another uneducated idiot who thinks Islam is a race you couldn't make it up, he has Muslim mates by the way
& d options r, Sharia or Indian constitution Do u know 99% will choose sharia? If it's history, why's Islamic terrorism still active in the world? What is IS? U think it's something new? Of course not, not for Indian Hindus. They were under Islamic state for hundreds of years!
Idiots are everywhere lass. There are pretty stupid hindus too, aren’t there? The vast majority of christians do respect your traditions, whereas the vast majority of muslims had rather see you wiped out.
That man is a racist idiot and so are all of you clapping and encoursgong him in the conments he called her racist for wanting a better life and coming to Britain. For becoming a successful journalist and because she is Muslim. That’s poor
The terrorists who did all these are Muslims. When will u ask ur fellow people to stop all these nonsense!!! Stop Muslims to spread terrorism in Kashmir. We can fight with those across border but how can we fight with those who stay in India but pay for Islamic terrorism.
U worry about ur islamic terrorism as Trump called it out. Don't worry about India ur muslim brothers are spreading corona on large scale
Radical White Christians investigated for Terrorism now support Boris Johnson’s Tories. Islamaphobia in the government is now encouraged. Will BBC ask him to apologise? #notmygovernment #NotMyPM Britain First says 5,000 of its members have joined Tories
@JoeNBC you really think the more people attend church, the lower their support for Trump? So, you are saying that all those radical Christian Taliban zombies don’t go to church? Mike Huckabee, Mike Pence, etc...give me a break.
My daughter has called me a radical an extremist and a bad Christian..all due to the fact I support Trump. I am none of these things.
#ISIS is the actual Islam, there is caliphate concept in Islam which #ISIS was following. #Bagdadi was a terrorist for the world but hero for M world. How many M_uslims spoke against #ISIS ? It is clear from Quran &amp; the activities of I_slam that I_slam has given terrorists only.
What did you expect? No causulties on your side? You can’t have your cake and eat it too. Bosnian Muslims were supposed to just surrender to cetniks and not fight back huh? What an idiot.
Isis Al kayada PFI They run by islamist forces and irony is they all are guided by quran So in every meaning islam =quran=terrorist all r equal So u need to change ur mind
Update: A brave Christian woman in Iran speaks Pray Mary continues to courageously stand up for the rights of Christians in Iran.
. ISLAMIC TERRORISM VILE SPAWN of ILHAN OMAR SMEARS U.S. SOLDIERS / PEDDLES LIES Spawn of Islamic Terrorist Leader Ilhan Omar Spews Ignorance &amp; Hate - Calls American Soldiers ‘Bitches’ Who Are ‘Killing Innocent Children Abroad’ . A LIAR like Mom..
@TaylorSwift With all the talent you have, comes responsibility. You choose to embrace abortion. As a Christian woman who has never posted anything online about this subject, I am officially done with you. You went from classy to tacky! @KidRock was absolutely right about you!
@KamelNasrEldien Islam is about as perfect as Nazism.
Islam gave the lesson of peace in fact #Islam actually is the name of peaceful religion. You idiots will never understand this. Or main religion py bat nh krna chahta it's not a matter to be discussed. Baki ye bat yad rkho k Muslims India mein bhi hain.
So you are saying that the team that runs the Sun now is entirely responsible for the things that the sun did in the past. Just as white people are responsible for historic racism. VW for diesel gate. ...Just as all Muslims are responsible for Islamic terrorism. Idiot.
He is not a good person, Google "Dhruv Rathee hate for Muslims on Facebook" and you will see how much he is a fake ass person. He hated Muslims in Germany &amp; then he found how to exploit Indians and came here started doing "YOUTUBE" he knew exactly idiots like you will believe him
@SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff @etsho127 They are not protected under Islam.  Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
Wonderful motivator to this Christian, Woman, Veteran, who happens to be a POC to continue to serve my (that's right, MY country) by making phone calls, knocking on doors, registering people to vote, give $. Do ALL I can to get rid of this spawn of the devil and ALL his cohorts.
You just said you didn’t mean Muslims you were referring to Islamists and so as much as you sent me your long speech the fact is you used a term that was used by a lot of idiots around the world to spread fear for their personal gain
@teddyboylocsin @tweetybird2009 @PatVPeters ISIS practices slavery and rape, Mohamed practiced slavery and rape.
Are the returning travellers from south east asia and many on the news you see are Caucasian with Asian wives, some from the Sub continent....are they all muslim ? Aged Care centres, the idiot from Frankston who went to drink coffee in Oakleigh....was he a muslim ???
@discerningmumin But the western world gave up slavery on it's own. No one forced them from the outside.
You aren't missing much. His timeline is full of calling ex-muslims Islamophobes and such. And retweets 'ad hominems' on people critical of Islam by Muslim apologists etc. This guy is an absolute idiot.
Can't stand social media sometimes cos of the insensitive idiots on here. A local Muslim women was shot and sadly passed away and you get the certain group of idiots making shitty comments. Someone has passed away and the least you could do is show some respect #blackburn
You are an idiot if you really believe that the mammary gland was never meant to be sexualized. Double idiot If you're a Muslim and supporting "free the nips" rubbish
Stop that hindu actress marrying the muslim her name is Maniktala..all actors of similar status are brotherlising Hinduism..further more Only Hindu men must marry Muslim women..not other way round.. you Hindu Fools n Idiots
& u r a chutya paistani supporter hence by default pro terrorist pro jihad, pronislamic grooming gangs, a hinduphobe ,anti christian &amp; anti semetic anti humanity
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 "That which your right hand posses" means slave.  The Quran gives clear permission to rape slaves.
@Kaya786 @fai3an_H The very definition of Islam is hatred and negativity. We have to get rid of that cancer so civilization can advance.
RT @lajouetreine: RT@UnPoliticalPrty: The true history of #Islam and Slavery  MUST SEE http://t.co/UFJt3iAzzw #PJNET
Kayla Mueller tried to help the Islamists with humanitarian aid and they showed how much they appreciated it by imprisoning her.  #Islam
Radical Right Wing Christian Extremist in the house!! It must so painful to compromise your core values in support of a racist, homophobic, misogynistic serial sexual abuser all to bring your own version of Sharia Law to the US!!
@ummayman90 The people who disagreed with #Islam at the time of the pedophile prophet were murdered by him.  It's in the Hadiths.
Often times in history, it turns out the biggest threats are not what you see, its what you don't see. We see Terrorists and black livrs matter, cop haters and white liberal idiots. What are we not seeing? Asians and Muslims! They're awful quiet.
Was it the will of the Jews or the will of Christian Zionists in the government? Jews are pragmatic and can tolerate a "devil they know." A rash decision like that seems to be more something radical Christians would support. Plus, migration hurts Jews too
There are religious idiots whose measurement of being muslim is only that how much you can hate BJP and spew venom on Modi. In their knowledge there is no other rule to decide a true Muslim. Ironically they call themselves Liberal,Secular, intellectual and what not? Lol !!
These fucking idiots slandering Somali women saying that Emily Jones was murdered but a “black Somali Muslim woman” when she was actually murdered by a white woman. Stop making lies about us leave us out of your white on white crime you pieces of shit.
RT @Cameron_Gray: cc: Silent Western feminists MT @ILNewsFlash: #ISIS Executes 7 Women For Refusing ‘Temporary Marriage’ (Rape) http://t.c…
The naked hypocrisy. The shameless lying in support of a racist, hate-filled, xenophobic, serial sexual abuser, accused pedophile and cruel monster is in itself unChristlike. Radical Christians like @SecondLady are the greatest threat against Christianity in this Country.
Hey bhakt, the person arrested for the same is not the ones you have mentioned. You idiots will even say as Shoaib Akhtar or insamam ul haq just to get a muslim name. Your communal hatred strategy won't work in kerala
Dude...that tweet was in different context. law is n should b same of all n ppl violating same should b penalised irrespective of case race religion. Do u agree that Islamic terrorism is wrong n should nt b thr.
The foolish ignorant idiot says christianity, capitalism, apartheid, witchcraft, and psychosis can't hurt you. But they can harm you. God uses them as lethal weapons against any person for his amusement. God used religions to kill Muslims, Jews, and Christians everywhere in world
So Muslim world is full of idiots that few Zionists can make them kill each other? Iran-Iraq war Iraq invasion to Kuwait. Kurdish–Turkish conflict. Boko Haram insurgency Islamist insurgency in Mozambique India–Pakistan Yemen, Sudan, Afghanistan, Libya, Lebanon. Good luck to you
Why would soldier kill innocent people and for what?May b those kids died because of islamic terrorism which is not new there.Same as in Iraq&amp;Syria.Stop blaming india lol.Ppl's lives doesn't bother you. It's about Kashmir u ppl want.Sends terrorists&amp; cry about jihad.VictimCard
As a muslim, it is incumbent upon you to attack the kafirs. I don't know why anyone would consider you a scholar. You are biased to the extreme. Only a gullible idiot would believe you.
RT @NuritBaytch: .@MaxBlumenthal resents that journalists are reporting on the antisemitism by BDSers at UCLA. bad press for the BDS mvmt,…
@IAmThe1Teacher @IronmanL1 @stevecorrales80 The Hindus tried a pacifist approach to Islam.  The Muslims responded by murdering 80 million.
How about these idiots? You buffoon Indian Muslims. Everytime, you all are fooled. I just pity your low mind. #KashmiriLivesMatter
Absolutely. The jihad in Kashmir is an all-out war for civilisation, humanity, rule of law. And we cannot allow that to fail. The terrorists must be called out for what they truly are. We have been crying ourselves hoarse right from day one about this.
I assumed this would already have been in place! Why is the U.K. government so utterly weak on islamic terrorism? The U.K. should be at the stage of executing this scum already! One of them attacked a pop concert full of kids, surely that should have been the limit?!
So Islam is a tablet that you push down the throat of someone followed by a glass of water and they become Muslim. Who guards them for the rest of their lives that they don't revert back to Hinduism? Changing religion is not a one time process idiot, it's always done voluntarily.
@AnonHeel Political satire always pisses off someone.  Why should the religion of hatred and murder be excluded.
I think u dint hear the latest news of an engineer terrorist who was raising funds in USA .he was a hijbul terrorist .has been deported to India yesterday .islamic terrorism has spread aceoss d world and all countries r facing huge problems .heard bout France ?
She is NOT a "black American" she is a radical who speaks at CAIR, a Muslim Brotherhood org. that has called for jihad against our Judeo-Christian civilization. Her public statements show sympathy &amp; support towards terrorist groups - she is un-American!
How many organization are running in india by Muslim. Idiot you people have no answer of #Islamophobia_In_India so you brought American government list. Grow up bro
So in other words, you did what all the other idiots of your persuasion do - mistakenly assumed I'm Muslim.
Right, because U know so much. God the idiocy that can be found on the Internet. BTW, U don't seem to understand why Islamic Terrorism was not the appropriate phrase. So I guess that based on your logic white supremacy can be termed Christian terrorism. This is good to know info.
Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' https://t.co/hjne8NKBT7 we'll see who the idiots end up being
@AnasMechch @peymaneh123 The problem with the Middle East is that there seem to be no good guys to support. They are all Islamolunatics.
Where your iota of humanity left when soldiers die, or does it come into the picture when a jihad or terrorist die? Where is your placard?
Christians “support” Israel, but only until Jesus returns &amp; takes his followers in a “rapture” to a gated community, then burns all the Jews in hell after torturing them on earth. That’s what the radical dominionist christians support. Tribalism rules them, they are simple folk
Even you know your position on mic. Cool down for few days and do your own honest research on Islam If you don't know something about Islam ask a Muslim and not an islamophobic idiot like Abdullah sameer who only do individual response
I was born there and you hardly hear English spoken in London and other parts of Britain. The Muslims will take over. You idiots should have listened to Enoch Powell in 1964.
@jncatron And of course you are campaigning for the destruction of the Israelis because you are a racist anti-Semite asshole.
Since 2014 really? What abt 1947 ,what abt kashmiri pandit? .... What abt tabliqi jamaat?....what abt u? What abt all over the world who are facing islamic terrorism?
RT @ColdKurd: #Kobane  West front #YPG forces liberated the village of " Qartl "17 km from Tell-abyad City
or internal Islamic terrorism, which is a problem. If the U.S wasnt there the most likely focus of terrorists would be Russia and they could devote full effort.
Isis and al-Qaeda are khawarij dogs of hellfire terrorist extremist ruwaybidah and they should all be fought and annihilated and all their followers and allies should all be annihilated from the earth, How these dogs of jahannam throw their slogan QURAN AND SUNNAH around yet
Idiot, Pandita being a Sarpanch in a 95% muslim majority state shows who is secular. The day you stop your blow jobs to Modi and switch off your WhatsApp, you'll see the truth. Until then your troubling bowels will only point to Muslim food.
We saw the support of Turkey to radical Muslims in Syria and they did a huge massacre against Kurds and Christians and Syrian people so we choiced to boycotting a Turkish stuff and company's in Iraqi Kurdistan To give a human life in middle east So we are against all Islamic stf
Wow, you're funny. This is a joke right, you posting about protecting our elections? I'm pretty sure u gave debate questions to Ms. Hillary according to your own words. Well not before you chastised another woman about you being a christian woman, how dare she! That was funny 2.
@LifeInKhilafah Well, since Islam is full of hate and divisiveness, it does bring thugs who hate to Islam.
But we’re Muslim you idiot. And that’s mad disrespectful to her family
RT @TRobinsonNewEra: Islamic terrorists are only practicing what's taught in Islam.That's the truth and the 'Elephant' in the room which ev…
“them” is close to a modern day Isis. The Quran permits killing terrorists in self-defence because they have waged pre-emptive war against you, or against Christians, Jews, or people of any faith. Yet, even then, if terrorists desist, the Quran forbids aggression against them.
Obama: Actions Will Help Muslim Relations https://youtu.be/-rcVmctJRu4 via @YouTube Silver bullets alright I’m trying too find the video where the idiot slips his tongue and says “I’m a Muslim” and the interviewer corrects him and says “you mean Christian” and the moron goes yeah.
yes because wearing a mask makes you become Muslim. Idiots
@IftikharAwan Did your prophet murder apostates - yes.  Did your prophet rob caravans and commit genocide - yes.
@owais00 @semzyxx @NAInfidels Wrong, microbrain, she was 6, and you, like your prophet, are a liar. Here is the proof http://t.co/Q95eI17SuA
@ummayman90 If god is protecting his Islam, why does he need you to protect it, murder apostates, and spread his vile religion by sword.
Islam encourages marital violence being your proof :) And I don't think that many religions are really more polite than islam, looking especially at Christianity All they did was change it for the masses Thank you for showing your hidden face to the liberal muslim idiots above
PM Imran Khan give a befitting reply to U.S President Donald Trump on Radical Islamic Terrorism https://jubeju.com/pm-imran-khan-give-a-befitting-reply-to-u-s-president-donald-trump-on-radical-islamic-terrorism/
The terrorists do not represent Islam, they misinterpret it and carry out vicious attacks. True Muslims reject the notion that those terrorists are connected to them. They do not see them as fellow Muslims. You're an idiot.
That’s okay. We disagree with your support for a far-right agenda to impose radical Christian values on America.
agar govt ke against bolo toh bolte hain antinational ho, agar against na bolo toh bolte hai you don’t care about muslims, you’re secretly an islamophobe. who cares about their certificates? bunch of idiots. “you spoke about blm but not this because you dont care about muslims”
UHHH SAIL AWAY SWALWELL OKAY WITH OBAMA'S HATRED FOR JERUSALEM & PRAISE/CRATES OF $$'S TO IRAN & SOMEHOW SAIL AWAY SWALWELL HAS DRAWN A BLANK TO THE MASSIVE SUPPORT BY TRUMP FOR ISRAEL! US EMBASSY IN ISRAEL! SEE YOU RADICAL FLLFSC-BB-A-DEMOCRATS HATE CHRISTIANS &amp; JEWS, BUT
If Hindutva fights against radical Islam, Christian evangelism then I'll support it 1000 times, UN toh bas nam ka hai baki sab toh china ka hai
I am a Christian American. I reject Bernie. I support Israel. I reject radical islamic terrorism. Israel has offered peace and it is rejected over and over. I pray for Israel and the Jews.
Ohhh Humanity! When Islamic Terrorists Bombed Mumbai....where was your Humanity? When you call all those who follow other religion 'Kafir' and try to kill them in the name of Jihad... When Muslims sisters have to face gang rape in the name halala, where is this Humanity and HR?
Never u can win. Its not only politics. Its Islamic terrorism to denounce all
And additionally, plenty of Christians fought and died to end slavery. However do u see 1.6 Billion muslims fighting against the so-called radical minority? NO! Instead They fund and support them.
A norsewoman divorcing her husband could count on her family for protection from an abusive husband, a christian woman taken as a war bride might not have the same rights, she might not even be able to speak the same language as everyone else.
He's a Christian nationalist, plz support him for he's fighting radical Izlemic terrorism.
Have the ISIS people and the other Muslim terrorists who are out to destroy the world ever read the Holy Quran?
And that is the issue - you need simple rules to get people to understand quickly. But the detailed regs always have flexibility. Then you get idiot bossy boots enforcing the basic rules with no flex (eg the poor Muslim child buried with no family members present)
'Help muslim men avoid Fitna as it's only Muslim women they'll encounter na. You idiots love to absolve men of their responsibilities and it's irritating. You can be fully covered up and a man will still make unwanted advances to you. Continue saying rubbish there
There is surge in islamic terrorism during ramdan across world.......so if u r wishing dem ramadan then indirectly u r giving dem more power to destroy or to kill non-muslims......
Turkish or Kurdish or Arabia didnt matter we are muslim brothers but you cant understand to us we are living in peace only idiots want to split also look to irish dont want to leave from england but they difrient country right?
I didnt just disagreeing with the idiot indonesian muslims for nonsense shit, they are tryin to lead me astray, they're tryin to push me closer to fornication. you are Not the only person who knows about Islam.
Thanks for calling idiot, we don't hate them because they were Muslims, they destroyed so many hindu structures so many scriptures implemented the jizya tax still you want us to love them
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan ...unseated the Muslims in power.  Now the Muslims are not in power either.
@BDSSupporter Islam is the cancer of the earth. It looks like this. http://t.co/0Z2Ra38Vc3
You may be right in quoting so. Then why don't ur clerics denounce the terrorists who kill innocent people? Why the terrorists r not ostracized from Islam? If done so, Islamic terrorism will fade off &amp; U can very well be proud of ur religion, in true sense.
@DianH4 I don't care if they are Shia Islamolunatics or Sunni Islamolunatics. The are all filth to me.
Ian, I hope you can now see how positive my attitude is. It’s a positive thing when no child or adult is bullied and we can all live peacefully. I think to introduce a #NOTOALLBULLYING LESSON would probably get literally 100% parental support. Try and have a positive attitude.
Fuck off you son of a bitch. Allah has his own ways of blessing people. Stop being a judge or a munshi who makes a entry chit for Jannat or hell. Idiots like you bring bad name to Islam, Pakistan and your kanjar family. Muslims pray for forgiveness of the deceased. Bloody dog u R
@End_Bigotry @Bruciebabe @chezkig1 @edulixavot34 @MaxBlumenthal Human rights record of animals living in Palestine. http://t.co/qJcII9wcWi
MC, don't lie blatantly.. I don't rely on Wikipedia and mainstream media. They twist the story like anything. Do you remember Moola Genocide, Kashmir Genocide, Godhra Genocide? Did Hindu's kill Muslim? Don't be a idiot. We are not oppressor. We are safe guarding our culture.
@DouglasKMurray Eventually followed by no future for Christians in UK, eventually followed by no future for atheists in UK.
First of all clear your mind from redical Islamic terrorism. I know u can't consult any cardiologist because for that first u have to have a heart.
RT @Juliet777777: Norway sees huge drop crime as large number  Muslim illegals deported  http://t.co/6VBvvPWn1Q @FrancsPays @DutchDL @OZzSu…
You comment is spot on. It is not pakistani Muslims or bangladeshi muslims who wanted another nation , it were same Indian Muslims then . What is guarantee there will not be another Jinna . And we also can't say that Jinnah was an uneducated or idiot person.
@Ravishkumar011 you guys are playing role in promoting these Muslims terrorists. Shame on you, idiot Ravish.
@Rudd1971 Both Daesh and Shia Militia are driven by a religion of hatred and bigotry and there will be no freedom in Tikrit, regardless.
Notice 2/3 Muslims want Sharia and Sharia says that apostates must be killed. But only 1/3 support that directly. http://t.co/2GS6nNTRVj
Can't lie she fucked up by making it seem like her being a "good Christian woman" means there's a problem with protesting for our God given right to not be murdered 4 being black. The 9-5 thing and everything else was just feeding the already hot flames
I wanted to say something along those lines It's almost when there is any kind of atrocities you ask please don't be muslim/Asian cause you just know the idiots will jump all over it Now that poor girl will be forgotten!
Again Say , Ur Puppet Media &amp; Communist Govt. Completely Spoil U people Brain Ur Chinese Govt. Spent Billions of Money for Islamic Terrorism in India this Rape Case one of Common Fact of that Be a MAN/WOMAN not To be A Transgender
@jncatron No, idiot, Zionism is the determination of Jews to recover a small fraction of the land stolen from them by Muslims.
Yes siding with China who firstly is communist & controls their people through fear & violence, puts Muslims in concentration camps, threatened over Huawei, blocked our exports &amp; lied about a virus that killed ’s &amp; our economy is obviously the right choice You are an idiot
@JohnFurrToronto @peacebahrain @l_auvergnate peace in #Bahrain b4 the Jihad terrorists ur th supporting came #USA #SHAME Traitor to humanity
I'm sorry to burst you bubbles but no Muslim, well in this generation, are eager to leave Islam for the West. Its technically the other way around. The West are always desperate to bring in foreigners, mostly Muslims, because their own countrymen are bunch of lazy and idiots.
Dummy I wasn’t talking about your husband, I was talking about how you believed the idiot in the video. Now you clearly showed that you knew nothing.Celebrating eid don’t make you a Muslim, but truly believing in God and the truthfulness of his prophet is what makes you a Muslim
Didnt see you outraged when the clowns of UDF and Youth Congress and Muslim league idiots and the Sangis were doing circus on public roads without any safety protocol..!! Such a shame Mr Tharoor. Dont stoop low like everybody else.
What is against muslims here idiot? She is talking about nepotism in film industry. Who are you by the way, sitting in kuwait and giving sermons? Are you dawoods concubine?
Tibet, Hong Kong, and Muslims all say hello you absolute idiot.
Dems voiced their hatred for Christians, whites, males, cops, ICE, the way people are elected, the person elected, people who elected him and voiced their support for illegals who are criminals, Radical Muslims, ISIS killers, MS-13, and their Antifa brown shirts Who matters??
@AAlwuhaib1977 Kiss my ass. I don't read books by Muslim bigots written to promote their fascist murdering genocide of humanity.
Listen to this: #Muslim #Turks are celebrating because they can now pray in a stolen converted church Congratualations #Turkey, you showed you’re an idiot and have zero respect one more time... praying in a Christian iconic temple Inferiority complex much? #HagiaSophia
@ILTAFSHEHZAD Yeah, I know. Being a human being is against Islam. Islam must be outlawed.
That's okay... You can then try an explain why muslim's are not mentioned when they transported 17 million slaves. And follow a religion that supports slavery, of which 6 countries in Africa, all islamic, still allow slavery by law. But you keep on being a blithering idiot.
objectives * Now u might say that how comes a terrorist act can achieve strategic effect 9/11 is it's best example * Whereas in regards to calling it Islamic terrorism, they are wrong by doing so they will further alienate the muslims &amp; terrorism stems from grievance
@g0ssipsquirrelx Wrong, ISIS follows the example of Mohammed and the Quran exactly.
Can you say same thing about Muslims and Christians. Why they dont accept them as it is why they convert? If they are so real and you praise them. You are an idiot individual who unfortunately born in our religion.
Figured if that was the case, most people’s signs would read ‘law enforcement system,’ I’m an idiot. Thank you for your inciteful look in to the phrase ‘all cops are bastards.’ MUSLIMS ARE BASTARDS means just the ones that hit the towers. Got it! Thx
So weird how you idiots only attack certain American classes, how about you go after Muslims? You know the religion that openly accepts slavery for thousands of years and non equal rights with women? Oh wait, that won’t fit your Soros bought and paid for sheeple narrative.
stop trying to speak over muslims that are expressing their disappointment?? They have every right to feel offended. Religion's and culture's are not an aesthetic. Stop calling them disgusting names you idiots. Muslims are not t3rrorists stfu. If you think they're block me NOW
Why should I be stopped because an idiot in London has a knive? Tell me do you think all Muslims are rapists? Your logic mate not mine I’ll wait tho
I support him but he should never listen to Ergodan, a radical Islamist who hates the USA. The area where Trump gives to Turkey, 100,000 Christians live there in addition to the Kurds. Ergodan will wipe them out and then he will create a new ISIS for himself to use.
It’s not a Muslim ban, you idiot! It’s a ban of several countries that were a problem concerning isis
You can't accept Nessa Barret's apology if youre not muslim. So stfu idiot
What did mga write about this verse? And I am a Muslim you idiot. This could never apply to me. Smh.
Yeah same. U people can't tolerate india growth and hate india. But ur islamic terrorism don't have any rights to speak about India? First stop supporting terrorism. Pakistan is islamic terrorism big threat to world
Learn about people you idiot. he is not from the western world where if fam member dies you questioned god. he is Muslim If you know about the religion were thought that they are in a better place.We belong to Allah and him we shall return. Doesn’t mean he doesn’t love his dad
Do even hv a clue that most of the terrorists kill their own community the world over.. And what is the fight for...what is this Jihad all about...protecting humanity or destroying that part of humanity which doesn't conform with your ideology..??
There are 1.3 billion muslims on earth..if all of them were terrorists this world would have been very different from what it is today..muslims themselves denounce those idiots..This kind of ignorance will not lead you very far in life.
That's what i said dude. All you Arab leaders are slaves of zionists. They do what their boss netanyahu and trump orders. They sold Islam for fame. You uneducated wealthy idiots can't even think who is the real enemy of Muslims and Islam. Remember you are being ruled by zionists
among the right, against certain groups. It's hate based, fear based, and ignorance based, like any other prejudice. I am a Christian woman. My faith is a part of me that I can not and would not ever change. I've spoken for and stood with others that were mistreated or attacked
@asem_1994 But all the crimes of Islam are exactly according to their beliefs.
Idiot, I don't believe Modi will do anything that wastes human resources and is not good for India, even if he suppresses Muslims in Gujarat, so does CCP! If you don't threaten the Communist Party of China in China, why put you in prison? You go to work, I have taxes！
Chinese on Uighur Muslims, it does not work that way. China will bear the brunt of the atrocities that they are doing &amp; so will India &amp; so will everybody who does atrocity on any human being of any religion , caste &amp; creed. It’s just a matter of time. watch video below you idiot
@NuritBaytch @MaxBlumenthal Exactly. He's not Jewish by choice or allegiance. &amp; I bet he doesn't go t Synagog He only reads Torah for faults
@peymaneh123 @AnasMechch I don't see any burning civilians, and the picture is not even of a burning house.
No doubt that David W is an idiot, but you’re not less. You got to be really deluded to think that Quran has been preserved and it’s literally word of God. I mean I’m flabbergasted how a lot of Muslims still believe in such crap book. Feel pity wat indoctrination did to you.
Seriously you guys never learn! Those people from the Movie industry purposely don't care about Hindus and you idiots still go around asking them for reasons when the support black lives/Muslim lives/Brown lives etc! They just need your money &amp; you ppl will give them that..
Jihad does not care about humanity. Suicide bombers and radical Islamic believers do not care about humanity. The 19 terrorists that killed 3000 Americans do not care about humanity. Those responsible for the dead Americans in Benghazi do not care about humanity.
As respect your Age.. First you have to take solution of Pakistani financial crisis..Then start so_called #Jihad video. World is know..#India generated Doctors, Engineer and IT Instead of Terrorist like Pak #KashmirWithModi #IndiaIndependenceDay
A good Christian woman right there
For my Christian Brothers / Sisters: Of course black lives matter. Dearly. Intensely. Let's come together to love each other more and break down the walls that divide us. At the same time I cannot and will not support the radical left #BlackLivesMatter organization or movement.
He is a publice figure.. Due to pressure he has to stop speaking the truth.. Terrorist attacks on India has been taken place only cuz they were Muslims and we were Hindu. Like 26/11 Attack, 9/11 New York attack.. ISIS, Taliban, they all believed they are doing as per Quran
face palm Jesus to the "radical right wing" #MAGA Cult fake Christians support Trump
It’s really angers me to read when the Sikh community have always been there to help the Muslim community and you have a minority of idiots like these two that bring a shame to the deen.
Right??? My favs are; Love You to Death (first one I ever heard), Wolf Moon, their cover of Santana's stuff, Christian Woman (b/c I love me some blasphemy), and their "Banned version" cover of Summer Breeze. I really dig almost all, but those are my go-to's
No. You are talking like Modi. Forcibly converting historic worshiping places of other religions(Babri Masjid) into your's. I guess Israel is now also free to carry out the conversion of muslim 'alBeit alMuqaddas' into jewish 'haBeit haMikdash' temple. Medieval idiot.
@MikeBloomberg Rich puppet U believe women's rights r mor important than an innocent baby? Uneducated stupid street women vote4 radical dems. No morals,plenty of them want a corrupt pres lik u, as a Christian pres doesn't support deviance r murder. Sodom will b destroyed again
@ProudPatriot101 You are on the right side of the Muslim issue and the wrong side of the Ukraine issue.
Isis tho is a political terrorist organization that hides behind Islam to justify murder even tho they don’t follow the Quran, big difference.
Please be clear. You have problems with muslims giving azaan or loudspeakers ?
Bhadda Mazak.... Radical Islamic Terrorism is happening all over the world, but shamelessly u will never share or oppose it cause ur religion involved in it "Mujahid".
@rayyoosheh Palestine has never existed as a country. Before the Jews it belonged to the Ottomans.
LMAO. just someone is chanting Jai Shree Ram and you are threatened and I can bet No RSS worker will threaten any lady. I hope you are not converted I would be happy to join them Gokhle G. First stop muslims to offer prayers on Mumbai's road idiot that is pleasing you..
Original tweet was for Muslims!Looks like you think they are bunch of idiots who have surrendered their capacity to think, analyse and draw conclusions to people like you. Stop thinking for others, they have better intelligence than you.
It’s Muslims raping non Muslims it’s allowed when jihad is called. Read the passages in the quran it’s totally allowed in Islamic law.Look I’m sick of educating you go and educate yourself.This is happening all over the world.Only uneducated idiots think it’s skin colour.
We can also see this in the WoLF group, the american "feminist organization" that is against Domestic abuse protections against trans-women because they support trans-women getting the living shit beaten out of them. This group is also linked to a radical christian group.
@dawla___account @IronLionHeart Good reason not to practice a religion that declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
Idiot kisko bolti ho ... And wow you are ex Muslim... I cant imagine your condition in patal lok
@semzyxx Now, since you claim that Islam limits age of marriage, but produce no verses to back up your lies, you are blocked.
haha.erdogan started syrian conflict or the west?? theres proverb. you can beat 40 scholars with one fact but you cant beat one idiot 40 facts.. you are that idiot. i am proud of ottomans and erdogan. i wish someday muslims have many more erdogans
She calls out Pak for terrorism in K. How is that same as whitewashing Islamic terrorism. Anyhow u r free to form your own opinion. Why do I care?
Having my head phones on and listening to Peter Steele "breathe" all over these songs is not helping me right now Especially with the volume up! https://youtu.be/3sMALbhJU6M via YouTube Christian Woman- Type O Negative
Middle aged Christian woman going through a rough season, possibly a divorce, voice: I just really think God is calling me to be in youth ministry right now.
Every proper following muslim female "idiot" Although you don't really feel any more hot compred to wearing light colored clothes. We sweat the same !
You don’t even know what taqiyya is, you idiots use it every single time a muslim makes a valid point. You just say “Oh it’s Taqiyya”
@kewldevzzo Yes, the Quran tells Muslims to murder people of other religions. http://t.co/EExrTV2BJx
The same speech of idiot Muslim Brotherhoods. Did you visit Qatar or received a phone call recently? Synchronization between your tweet and Qatar/ Turkey / terrorists movements in Libya is not innocent..... Twitter mercenaries make good wealth.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Muslims murdered 120 million Africans. http://t.co/FhdMeLkAhR
@fulaan_hazm So they have to imprison the people of Mosul and not allow them to leave. Islam is a religion of slaves and slavery.
Thank you for proving my point. The anti Jewish state in tow with with the anti Muslim state too. No UN states (and more non UN) recognize Artsakh? Come on you're just an idiot now.
10/10 Christian woman right there
You should fear it even more than me because Muslims have a little more respect for my types compared to you Useful idiots get disposed of first
That's because years ago, before this problem exploded... literally, you idiots didn't object to the #Muslim infestation. So norm it's all the previous generations fault. Well done.
The unmitigated gall and hypocrisy of a white christian woman claiming someone is trying to rake away her rights. How many women priests, deacons, cardinals have you ever seen in Christianity? And I’m not talking about fake TV pulpit pirates.
You have done nothing but reply with terrorist agenda and lies. Anyone who has a shred of humanity knows it. Good luck with it.
@RepHolding. DO you support religious persecution in India and Kashmir? Your constituents want to know your moral standing ? “ Hindu Radical Leader Calls for Forced Sterilization of Christians and Muslims in India | Persecution
Blaming someone to be Muslim for his opinion shows how intellectually bankrupt you are. Anyways. No point debating with idiots.
Sir, You are not able to analyze Indian Muslims. When they get respect from Hindus in the form of AWARDS or High POSITIONS in Government Sectors they always says to HINDU such Comments. They feel Hindu r IDIOTS if they are Considering MUSLIMS as Intelligent. What to Do.
Any person from ur nation doesn't have any affection for humanity or it may be for Indian sikh. Only thing ur nation can do is to send terrorists to other nations in the name of jihad..Maybe u will also become a terrorist after year or two. So better dont bark.
So if whole world follows #Islam , #Earth would be a peaceful and beautiful place, isn't it? #Quran #Allah #BREAKING #Trending #Syria #Yemen #MiddleEast #ProphetMuhammad #Muhhamad #Muslim #terrorists #terror #ISIS
These girls are the equivalent of the irritating Asian girls a couple years ago. Well done, 7. #MKR
RT @PatDollard: The #Ferguson "crisis" was manufactured by @BarackObama as the opening gambit of his campaign to limit cops' ability to arr…
#Turks once "secular" are now educated to hate #Christians. Just what, then, do so-called "radical" Muslims — between 63 and 287 million Muslims support ISIS in just eleven nations — regard as the "proper" treatment of Christians? @RaymondIbrahim5
Yes but when you will feel shame for terrorism jihad invaders rape murder destruction of temples occupation of land?when or humanity is alive only in this side cos other side believes in jihad written in some book followd by millions kuffar fobic terrorist
The political Left in America has aligned itself with radical Islam-a religion devoted to the destruction of Israel and America. There has been a perpetual Fatwa against Jews and Christians for 14 centuries, yet the majority of Jews continually support the Democrat Party. #Jexit
A burqa or a niqab doesn't walk dude. A burqa is an inanimate object ... I can't believe this has to be said out loud to you. Again, dehumanization of Muslim women confirmed. Can't believe you're defending these idiots and being an apologist for their dehumanization.
Stupidity of Islamic terrorism mindset How u can consider ur self as a human who are killing and eating animals day and night...
Someone said it best for me,They are socialist/Islamists masquerading As liberals...Our youth know nothing & support this becUse radical anti America,anti our Judeo/Christian teachings are what is shoved down their throats....
Ann Coulter is lovely, mad but lovely. She can support one day the radical Muslim idea of woman must not vote and next day some Christian libertarian idea about anything.
White people are white people. Hindu are hindu. Sikh are sikh . Muslim are Muslim. Too much identity politics without facts data proof bring idiots like you. you could share data of growth of minority population of India Pakistan Bangladesh to show where minority can grow
@Abu_Baraa1 @tanach67 Not by illiterate baby rapists like you and your prophet.
@roisin_morgan And while all other religious groups globally are under genocidal attacks by Muslims you blame the Jews.  Utterly  stupid.
No, PETA are idiots. Doesnt justify her jumping into the debate either. If you eat chicken cos you are a Konkani, Muslims can eat bakras as well. Lets keep the debate fair.
@SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff @etsho127 Your prophet Moohammed killed children when he used catapults to attack cities. So why are you complaining
She isn’t responsible to Delhi riots, who is responsible is roaming outside and you people are doing nothing just yelling like an idiots just because she’s is Muslim and she stood against the bakwass CAA AND NRC
@realDonaldTrump @America One day we will take all the revenge. In which you blood bath the Muslim home in Palestine . I will destroy for ever . in the history people will forgot you name .. Fucking idiot Donald duck ..
Lets treat the police like we treated Muslims. One bad apple equals 1.5 billion. You people legit voted for banning all Muslims, ya sick fucks. #idiots
You Idiot, he was killed by Muslim terrorists because he was Hindu (Kafir), and only bhakts are protesting this barbaric act by muslim terrorists. Congress is a bunch of Jokers like you.
Giving the left anything but an old fashioned beat down is the worst mistake these idiots can make And that goes for anybody who bows down to these psychos. Once you show any sign of submission the left is worse then Muslim terrorists...oh wait
@OdiniaInvictus @SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime No, Muslims follow a religion based on terrorism, not Jews.
Hey idiot, will your father pay arms to China? Those who are crying for petrol-diesel. Will you save India first or Congress party? Modi is handling your nation. Otherwise the Congress would handle Muslims and Pakistan.
@NewPakistan2020 Like a bunch of mindless bots, Muslims repeat the same lies in exactly the same words, every day, multiple times a day.
#BLM Something you should know. Muslim leaders are on record stating they will use you and manipulate you to further their goals. Quoted as saying you are Islam’s ‘useful idiots’ - Islam says that, not white America.
May you take me seriously please? I am very pissed off at this law enforcement agency. I am a Zionist. I only support Deputy Sheriff's that are Christians, Jews, or Islamic but I do not tolerate radical Islam. I tolerate Islamics because the prophet Muhammad told them to...
Christian friends, if you’re outraged by this photo of Trump with a Bible standing outside a Church, then now you have a tiny taste of how we Muslims have felt for the past 20 years with idiots hijacking our religion. #AmericaOnFire #BlackLivesMattter #DictatorTrump
@SumbelinaZ @TIB2016 @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch Nobody said anything about Jews, racist.  We are talking about Islam and Muslims here.
You pajeets literally corrupted the sacred teachings through the idiot Ashoka. It took Bodhidharma and others to return it to its true form. Because you couldn’t abandon your base nature, Buddhism is essentially dead in India. Maybe Muslim rule really was better.
I didn’t state that Ann’s views were “right”, but I defend her freedom of speech and recognise that she’s a Christian woman with strong beliefs. It’s noticeable to me that liberal atheists often seem keener to denounce Christians for some of their views rather than Muslims.
Shame on u!! Was a Syrian toddler mocked when his picture was shown to the world ? No, that toddler not but Redical terrorised pics of Syria. Similarly, pic of this toddler shows crulity of Porki sponsored Redical Islamic terrorism in JnK. @sambitswaraj
Ha ha you are taking about Islamic terrorism whereas Wikipedia says u r a Buddhist terrorist Wirathu is a Extremist Burmese Buddhist monk, and the leader of the saving Myanmar movement in Myanmar. Wikipedia
I don’t agree with that suggestion but for argument sake.. does that really seem to appear to be happening on a major scale to you ? Or do you think majority of Muslims are just going about their business working and living? why is your focus so much on the few idiots?
So by disavowing Spencer; yet again, you're basically supporting Milo. You'd rather support a fake Christian, real degenerate, helped along by Bannon, rather than an independent radical thinker? I love what you guys are doing to these neocons, but your tweet doesn't look good
Dont compare Vikas Dubey with ISIS or any other terrorists organization to prove you are not just and idiot but in the top order too. The difference is nobody follows criminals in india but isis has muslims supporters around the world. Now know the difference??? @rohini_sgh
RT @curdistani: Ottoman Enderun Schools were converting centers for non-Muslim kidnapped children, now #IS folowing them with Yazidis http:…
She didn't oppose any ruling, she has juts stated a fact which happened in Court. Its you who fall in the category of Idiot. When there was case in SC related to women's entry Delhi Dargah, SC asked Central Govt, Delhi Govt and Muslim board first and didn't give decision.
"Not all Muslims are from Islam you idiot" Yas you tell her, we love a woke Kween.
RT @taslimanasreen: All religions are not the same. Islam is more violent than other religions.
Islam encourage terrorism and #ISIS is the proof and in "Quran" there are many controversial statements ...But Indian muslims have Indian values which stops them from being a terrorist. So we should not compare Indians with Isis or other terrorist org. #rajdeepsardesai #malviya
look at d irony, you d Hindutva Brigade have started sounding exactly like those Muslim RW Bigots hu used to propagate "root cause" theory while defending Islamic Terrorism. U talk "hinduphobia" like they still use "islamophobia". What a disservice to Hinduism by u guys.
This is why many super rich who are control/power hungry support him, and also how he can use radical Christian and other hate groups who also desire domination and control others. They like the idea of a dictator who will help them pretend to be superior.
Jawahar's idea of India that u think is the only one ,had no idea about ISLAMIC TERRORISM that INDIA has to deal with on daily basis Further Jawahar's idea about India and the world was nothing but fairy tale remember his great ideas PANCHSHEEL, HINDI CHINI BHAI BHAI 1/2
And what about Modi's cheap bigotry to take Babri Masjid by demolishing it illegally and killing thousands of Muslims. When PM is so Heinous ,judges like you are finger puppets and bhakhts are just disgraceful idiots !
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Liar! Katjia was a business woman before there was Islam. Mohammed worked for her and had no choice about it.
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets Yes, it's murder for a fraudulent god.  If every religion used your excuse mankind would be dead.
"Veneranda was a Christian woman of the late fourth century who both remembered and revered the earlier ministry of the martyr Petronella." Image of Veneranda and Petronella with codex (above right) and scrolls (bottom right) thanks to Russ Petrus, Focus News, 2019.
RT @ProudPatriot101: ▶ Rotherham Rape Scandal Destroys 'White Privilege" Myth - YouTube http://t.co/ogeIFK39yC
Imagine being so certain that you're the first person to think of such a white-hot dunk on Muslims that you don't even bother to Google either a) Islam as a religion or b) the dozen other idiots who have already been dunked on for this exact same fatally flawed take
@yuskan0723 Who manufactures all the rockets that the Palestinians fire at Israel? And who manufactures the terrorists Kalishnikovs?
@SelenaKhan14 @PTISalarKhan @georgegalloway The Israelis are fighting not to become the minority victims that all other minorities are.
Jihad continue till the day of judgment, Beacause Jihad means Fight against Evils(#Israel #America ) to bring peace and Justice in the world. To fights Against Terrorsist states #Israel #America , rescuce humanity from two terrorist state of the world. Feared
Clearly you haven’t seen my conversations with Muslims and Jews. I’ve been labled antisemetic and intolerant more times than I can count in the last week. you’re an idiot, I target all baby cutters.
No, they still don't know much about islamic terrorism and muslim ummah..Like how u ppl talk about secularism in india but boast about islamic countries..they don't know ur hypocrisy.. Don't worry, we will explain them
Hey @PeteButtigieg You can't say it's "immoral" for Christians not to support radical environmentalism when you support killing children in abortions up to birth. Until you stop supporting abortion you have no moral authority. https://buff.ly/2MXYQGl
Don't put hindutva just bcoz of some idiots. It's very crucial time for pakistani passangers. Our condolences with them. But I have question for you, where were you at the time when some muslim goons celebrating death of our indian soldiers.
Traitor Trump just gave @rushlimbaugh just the Medal of Freedom for his staunch support of Fascism and the destruction of the Human Rights of anyone who isn't a Whites, Straight, radical fake Christian male.
And if there was a, British Christian Woman If The Year Award, it would be 'racist', right?
thankyou for speaking up. i’m sorry if there’s idiot came at your throat bcs they think you guys won’t use your platform for this. also this is for every minorities out there, be it asian, hispanic, muslim, black, lgbtq, your lives matter. all lives matter. spread and
Are you really as big of an idiot as you're being, I mean seriously. Of course u see an increase, more tests r being done. Smmfh. Not wearing face mask, nor will any of us. I don't follow Commies made up "rules" nor am I a Muslim.
@Baligubadle1 another bricking Muslim idiot. Go back to the shithole you crawled out of. You’re not welcome here
Biden shouldn't be telling black people how to vote. HOWEVER, YOU'RE AN IDIOT IF you're Black, Mexican, Asian, Muslim, Jewish, LGBTQ, a woman, disabled, veteran, senior, parent, live w/or are essential worker, unemployed, in bad health or breathe air and vote for Trump.
See how Muslims openly spread hate and false information in India followed by idiots like you.
Dr.Swami,we d right thinking people of India r always with u. It's a shame on d part of Hindus that an illiterate Christian woman related 2 Mussolini clan is dwindling&amp;swindling our great Nation with d help of some scrupulous Jaichand's in Congress Party.
1st u hav need to knw abut kashmiri hindu , tell me smthing 19 jan 1990 why ur community is silnt at dt tym , why u gys slint whn jash isis , lashkr and hijbul terrorist use urs own quran and hadeesh line in black falg for promoting tha terrorism why u gys pin drop slint
It is true. Jihad in Islam has its rules, while jihad by terrorists and extremists isn't jihad but a crime against humanity.
@nebula_chain_ @PaulStephen8 Wheras Islam simply declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago and has never stopped. Time to return the favor
This is what happens when you allow idiots to run a country.
I’ve been seeing two kinds of these tweets. It’s either „rt if you still love/trust BTS“ or „rt if your acc is a safe place for black people and muslims“. We still love BTS you fucking idiot, we’re just tired of y’all’s anti-black racism and islamophobia.
Separation of church & state you unbelievable idiot. How about if the next president were Muslim &amp; decided to force the governor’s to open mosques? Would it be the same? And States Rights?!!! Don’t you normally howl about big gov overtaking states? Hypocrite.
What about ISIS terrorists quoting Quran &amp; Muhammad ?
@StrangerOnFire @onzelfzuchtig @Raqqa_Sl Pacificim is no solution.  The Hindus tried that and the Muslims slaughter them for 800 years.
@waddup247 Because the Muslims are mostly just as crazy. http://t.co/wOc5ONv7Nh
If #Islam is so against idols that they smash Assyrian and Buddhists statues, then why do they pray at Mecca and circumambulate the Kabba?
"If I really care?" You simple in the head? If I really care, 𝕀 𝕨𝕠𝕦𝕝𝕕 𝕢𝕦𝕖𝕤𝕥𝕚𝕠𝕟 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕕𝕒𝕞𝕟 𝕤𝕠𝕦𝕣𝕔𝕖. Muslims are the main thrust behind all this, govt and other idiots come next. There is no hierarchy in questioning, do both and fuck both.
@CavusSeyit You are the one who believes in a god that asks one part of his creation to murder another part. Impossible to get any stupider.
Stone pelting done by both sides, not from one side,, if hindutva is terrorism, many Islamic organisation is running which only promote terrorism ,now I can say Islamic terrorism n u can relate terrorism with islam
You’ll support a person who can’t remember in what state he’s in,calls another person by his wife’s name for president He’s the only running democrat the radical anti Semitic anti Christian communist anti American democrat who could be manipulated by the party
RT @jeanniology: Obama implies murder of 3 Muslims in NC is religious bigotry but terrorists slaughtering Jews in a Paris kosher deli is a …
@ummayman90 #Islam is about forcing people to be Muslims.  Even your perverted Imams know it. http://t.co/e8m3w6ODvQ
As a Christian woman no one has the right to take a life. As a woman the abuse and rape of children and women touches me so deep, that this seem warranted to me.
@mehrdad20090706 @TalebAshrafi @iran_policy Do you think that they do it because the prophet Mohammed fought for plunder?
You're that person who give Rollin Martin a question that he then pass onto Crooked Hillary during the 2016 debate, right? You also call yourself a good Christian woman, right? You're the age of my mother so I will respect you and not say what I thing of you. Thx you Donna.
With this u are justifying the widespread atrocities inflicted by islamic terrorism
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets That Hadith is specific to AP.  Many others are specific to war on non believers everywhere.
Lawd bless the “Christian” woman turning up in Barnes and Noble right now
I'm a Christian and I support him. He is the only one that is not there acting like a saint. Second, he is the only one that is not endorsing: Abortion Human trafficking Drugs And give money to finance radical Islam, Hezbollah and Hamas.
Eliminate them. Don’t show mercy on terrorists. Terrorism is dangerous undoubtedly, if dt terrorism is over poured wth religious fundamentalism it is more dangerous 2 humanity. Eliminate. Nthng wrng in it. Bcz de believe it as jihad. In this path death wl provide heaven to dem.
Christian, really, 8 links to support all the points you were trying to discredit...wind is over, solar is over and now your Ilk wants to burn all the trees (Bio Mass) to save the trees...their is a certain kind of Crazy in people like you...Radical Environmentalism is Dead!
Whatever his radical handlers Levison and Rustin told him. King’s advisers considered dropping “Christian” from the SCLC’s title to appease them. The Kennedys disabused him, forcing him to act. Deprived of Jewish/Communist support, the SCLC disintegrated. Over and over again...
nikaloge? article article khelna hai? abhi kya sabit hota hai isse? k extremists hindu are hurting muslim and extremists muslim are hurting Hindus mtlb jo vicitim card play kar rahe ho tum aur sab Hindu vo galat hai because no one is targeting you so use your brain properly
Muslims are staying safe and happy in India, but you idiots support China who is not even giving basic rights to uigar muslims... Shame on Turkey
3. She said “because we are a Christian ministry, I can’t council you to have an abortion, but I can provide you with every available option so you can make the right choice for you.” I’ll never forget that. I was 17. This Christian woman wasn’t telling me what to do.
@IftikharAwan Why does it not occur to you that only an idiot would imagine a god who wants to be feared.
What a hypocrite. Don’t tell us you’re this “Christian” woman running around on social media bashing other people. Not sure what Jesus you follow, but I can assure you it’s not the right one if you’re Christian.
Idiot, Craig didn’t write about Kalam. He took it from Muslim Theologians. Also, can you SHOW us multiverses? You want to see God but use the crutches of a “theory” you can’t prove yourself. Brilliant
True, an extreme example being a woman literally trying to escape an abusive relationship and you’ll have some idiot (Ali Dawah actually did this one time) talking about how Muslims are to quick to divorce and we should be doing everything to keep the family together.
I'd go further and ask, why would he wait for the election? The pandemic is a 1-in-1Million opportunity, especially with an radical 'christian' in charge of planning and logistics, a narccistic neophyte in the White House, and a GOP that would clamor to support the new overlords.
They are not going to believe Because according to them humanity started 1400 yrs ago Because they thought earth is flat Because they thought by killing kafirs they will get 72 hoors Because they thought jihad is self defence Because they thought islamic terrorist didn't exists
What he is saying is correct. Road should be clear. We can't let Jihadi, rapist sympathisers to block out road.for ever. And how come Kapil Mishra 's statement insight violence, Muslims were rioters. Does Kapil Mishra has great command on Muslim? You Idiot
Oh no. Just talked to all my muslim Friends about you: spokesman of all moslims. You know so much about sharia and all. But they said you are a fake. Right wing idiot that only speaks bad of muslims. So dissapointed. Goodnight.
This #eid pls call out terrorists and their use of children in their jihad against humanity. Also lets pledge to live peacefully and integrate with other religions. #eidmubarak2020
Muslim girls learn the Qur'an, Learn the Hadiths, learn Seerah, learn your religion perfectly so you can worship well and so you can counter any idiot wanting to misuse religion to enslave you. Don't say I didn't advice you wo!
For example, if a Muslim says "it's not a sin to drink, it's only a sin to get drunk, and I don't bet large amounts of money, just a little bit, so it's not harmful gambling." Me: You're an idiot.
@logicalmind11 No one will cut my head off or sell me into slavery. The only thing that will happen is the IRS will take some of my property
Yes,u will condemn an earthquake,a flood or all natural phenomenon but not Islamic terrorism or Jamati or halala or triple talaq.Fattee hai sale.
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ What Christian who is not insane would want to live under Sharia law?
we muslims aren't addicted to this world unlike you westerns who became extremely selfish when there's a crisis which you westerns proved in the covid-19 pandemic bei ing near god is better then living with idiots. you don't understand dying while defending our beliefs is such a
Hey @PressSec You gotta stop comparing the @POTUS who overtly and vocally dislikes Muslims and Puerto Ricans with the president who freed the slaves. It makes you look like an idiot. Moreso than you already do.
To all the muslims/christians/ people who say lgbts go to hell, Id rather be in hell if you idiots r in heaven lol. Like mayb hell isnt as bad as it seems if thr r no lgbtphobic n religious people constantly prosecuting us. Enjoy ur stay in heaven u lgbtq+ phobic noobs.
Although Salafi Jihadist terrorism has been perceived as the most threatening, since 9/11, most of the terror related deaths in the U.S. have been associated with hate crimes and mass shootings A comparison between Islamic Terrorism and Far Right Terrorism https://www.ict.org.il/Article/2534/Far_Right_Terrorism_Eng
@NNdabbour64 And don't talk to me about hatred when you follow the vulgar Quran and Hadiths that are full of hatred.
Boris Johnson in his joke was actually defending Muslims at the time, you idiot lefties just like to twist the story to meet your own agenda. I noticed you cannot defend Starmer as the judge. I guess attack is the first line in defense!
@ingyusarms The Quran writer imagined god as egotistical and as wanting to be worshiped and bowed to because he was unsophisticated.
And thanks to a few idiots like you with names like Johnny, Kristanophobia is also beginning. Suddenly we see you as the real trouble maker dividing Hindus and Muslims. Thats over. Wait a bit. Keep up your antics here.
@ShamiAnalyst No one ask for your pedophile serving propaganda, swine.
This country #Pakistan is a #terrorist country, and #Pakistanis are terrorists they all are biggest enemy of humanity , #secularism , and #Hindus . They only want #jihad
People like U live in America &amp; enjoy fruits of liberty minus damage/destruction caused by Islamic terrorism, but ensures and supports Islamisation/spread of Islamic terror world over.Shame on you. Every terrorist with gun in his hand to kill,must be eliminated ruthlessly.
I hope u will also talk about Kashmiri Hindu Pandits' genocide &amp; Exodus by Islamic terrorism
actually dawg i am an immigrant, muslim, and my home country just went through a civil war 25 years ago so i’m just as vulnerable. i never said derogatory terms hurt you, it’s just that you’re an idiot lmfao.
Like the way this idiot says Savarna. N she will feel bad when someone calls her Sunni, Shia or Ahmadi. N yes if you want to assert your Muslim identity, do it from under a Burqa n make sure u have a man by ur side. Don't misuse the freedoms of India and abuse the majority.
At last u believe blame rss terrorists.. I believe tablegi jamati are culprits and see islamic terrorism in whole world
Sadly most of the self-proclaimed Christians in US public life are more interested in reading the Bible as a text supporting subjugation of women, the poor &amp; the powerless rather than as a radical call to action to support the weakest in society. Can't imagine why that is
@anjemchoudary Come and get your Jizya scumbag.  I have it waiting in .40 cal copper and lead.
Please explain how Israel doesn’t have a democracy? And Lebanon just like Palestine has a terrorist trying to control the government. iSis Hamas &amp; Hosbalah all have one thing in common war against the world who don’t follow the Quran. We need to kill that ideology
Have you ever demanded a Christian politician condemn every example of radical Christian terrorism? Where is your call for Trump to condemn the *numerous examples of people who explicitly support him and his policies* shooting up Mosques?
Anyone expecting to change a thing in the world without factoring in muslims is an idiot and fool. You weaken America and Europe and Israel, you strengthen jihad.
Israel has moral responsibility to protect against an invasion by the terrorist organization Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Don't try to invade and nobody dies. .
There was a pedophile virus 1400 years ago who started multiplying and today those viruses are biggest threat to humanity. All those viruses are not terrorists but all terrorists are those specific virus only. #islamic_corona_jihad
Btw I have no idea where you're getting this BS about conservatives being anti-Muslim, anti-Semitic, racist etc. from. I bet you're one of those idiots that thinks Ben Shapiro is a Nazi even though he's Jewish
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Islam cannot be reformed because it's vileness is too deep in the religion.
I’m talking about something else entirely and you’re basically calling me an idiot. Do you know any hadith? Have you read the Quran? Have you listened to what Muslims say? Do you even know what I was asking him?
Holy Moly, after the 9/11 terror attack spearheaded by the Al-Qaeda terrorist Osama Bin Ladin, the Labour-backed Guardian gave him a platform where he encouraged more jihad. No wonder people are enraged the left has lost touch with humanity and booted them out in the election.
Discussion with BJP? That idiots only knows pakistan Muslims and gandhi parivar. You ask any question Answer is same Rahulgandhi pakistan Muslims. Unfortunately independent India is ruling by irrelevant idiots of India.
Do one thing Ask any Indian Muslims that is he want to exchange his Nationality for pakistan ?? He will abuse you... Only Country where muslims are safe because of 85% Hindu community.... yes.. some are redical and idiots but this nation know how to deL with them.
It's not #ISIS, it's #Islam. Sex slavery is permitted in many Muslim countries. Here is the proof.  http://t.co/rlwz0BqUBs #Saudi #Iraq
RT @KenRoth: Dangerous to outsource Iraq security to Shia militia known for "disappearances" &amp; executions. http://t.co/3catmb5vZl http://t.…
Example #3749693 of far-right Jews who actively support Christian nationalist politics that discriminate against &amp; exclude Jews from full membership in national identity implying to Christian audiences that they are the real Jews &amp; the rest of us are just radical secularists.
Haan, 72 hoors wali baat jhoot hai. They use it to brainwash youth into committing terrorism because they have never read Quran. They don't even pray Namaz. Read some research papers of American professors on ISIS and other terrorist organizations
@REMY119 Muslims are fighting with every religion and none religion on the face of the earth.  But we are suppose to believe it's Jews fault
its just a try to hide jihadi propaganda we know dt who the hell r u gys specly u jihadin aunty u hv a urgnt need to hide ur islamic terrorism's behind this typ of artificial propaganda coz in current scenario u all r exposed infrnt of whole world
It's a good thing . In India also they neglected in starting but now they become literate , now they are reading Quran becoz it's their holy book...and ready to €ill Hindus. communist Kerala after having 90 % literacy , producing highest number of Isis terrorist from india
@harmlesstree2 @MaxBlumenthal Not only them. Mohammed ejected the other 2 Jewish tribes from Medina and later slaughtered them at Khybar.
@NNdabbour64 And all the hatred was started by your pedophile prophet.  Now you are finally getting it back. http://t.co/L8VgSNBDQX
@truaemusic The question is not about people doing bad things, it is about the religion supporting and demanding those things.
@MeFixerr we know you are a patriotic Pakistan and always talk about unity of Muslims ,we love turkey but like any other country off course turkey has also idiots ,not all ,and this man @alikeskin_tr is one of them ,time to unfollow .
Do not compare yourself to black people you idiot! Black people were brought to America as slaves, against their will. Muslims invaded India. Many converted willingly. If anything, Hindus are the victims and Muslims are the perpetrators. You can't cry victim when we fight back!!
This another false narrative being created to fuel islamophobia. Any idiot will do this kind of act, just like they been doing on elephants. I can assure you Muslims or other non Hindu minorities will do this.
Shut up you idiot liberals i am from paakistan...its not only me but the whole muslim world is supportimg erdogan and the decision about mosque... Liberals gona hate.....erdogan is great....A muslim hero.
If you consider your self a communist, you’re a fucken idiot. Defending China and their regime, you’re supporting the oppression and concentration camps of Muslims. Fuck outta here
@watan71969 @s_rsantorini630 @pari_passu Islam was made for stupid, violent, lying, criminal, useless thugs and you fill the bill exactly.
I am a white Christian woman who lived through the Civil Rights Era ... I know racism when I see it. Let's get honest guys
I'll never support anti Christian pro- radical Islam Bernie Sanders
You’re a complete fraud!!! You’re Muslim now right?? Are you supporting the African slave trade for Middle East now?? Independence Day isn’t just for white people lol #Idiot #Fraud #ColinTheClown /
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Mohammed attacked the third Jewish tribe in Medina, beheaded all of it's men, sold all the rest to slavery
@globnewsen How long before some idiot politician tells us that this is not about Islam, but about some Islamic extremist? #Copenhagen
This is what Muslim rape gangs think of white ppl yet still we are racist imagine how she feels reading this, you leftist Liberal idiots who want to carry on pretending should feel ashamed.
So I should tell them nicely. That's what you're saying. To not give Muslims a bad name, I must submit and act like they're better than me. They are idiots for doing that, that's the point of all of this. This does not affect me. I know I'm right here and I know they're idiots.
Oh please get a grip this has always been the case. Our beaches have been crowded for bloody months , Muslims have been saying prayers allthe time in their hundreds , you idiot
I am Christian who definitely does not support Tlaib, and I will do whatever I can in 2020 to defeat radical socialists.
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri No, the quotes mean exactly what they say. But most people are naturally less hateful than Islam
How can you say Barack Obama was the best president ever when he is the one that brought in Muslim refugees that is now part of tearing our government apart you’re one special idiot
Another Mentally ill asylum seeker. WTHell do you take us for complete idiots?. The UK isn't a mental asylum for Muslim maniacs on stabbing sprees. Asylum seeker shot dead after six stabbed in Glasgow http://digitaleditions.telegraph.co.uk/data/268/reader/reader.html?social#!preferred/0/package/268/pub/268/page/5/article/55423
shame on you. Bhagat singh did not kill innocents. Islamic terrorism in kashmir has killed thousands in the name of islam. LeT, HM, TRF are terror groups supported by Pak. shameless like u collaborate
You are so idiots that you the Muslim fascists don't really know that Ayasofya is Saint Sophia.Αγία Σοφία.Greek and not Turkish.Christian and not MuslimAt least you can call otherwise and not Ayasofya.Every body is laughing with you.The end is approaching! The lira is collapsing.
Corona is frm quran was said by some of urs so it wont touch muslims. Can such statements be part of argument. Do u critize islamic terrorism, I know wont, cuz u hav no guts. U can onli play victim card
If they r in Muslim country it doesn’t mean they have to accept and support the terrorism..why u people can’t digest the truth ? Radical Islamic terrorism have kept the world under threat..what the hell is being done by the radical Muslims terrorist these days to spread corona ?
Tony, did you get the memo that Barack Obama-Joe Biden threw God out of your party platform in 2012. Supporting the modern day Democrat Party makes those people Satan’s little helpers as they hate Christians/Jews,&amp; support radical Muslims. I worship God/Jesus &amp;admire DonaldTrump!
As a “Christian” man you sure do stand behind the lies of the WH quite a bit, As a “Christian” woman, I can’t &amp; don’t believe anything any of you say, As an American, I have the right to tell you! #ShameOnYou!
@truaemusic This means that if you want to establish a humanist ideaology, Islam will get in the way much more than Buddhism.
Now the term islamic terrorism which u texted unmasked ur thoughts sir so I'm vending up this conversation
So of I get 21 KMs to sign a letter saying that kashmir is a hub of islamic terrorism and they want to be with India would u agree. I will get it from prominent guys only. Like Abdullas and muftis and bla bla
@SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff @etsho127 Why haven't you stopped the sick Muslims from trying to exterminate Israel?
you’d think living in a predominantly arab/muslim populated city that more people would be out there on the sidelines fighting alongside for blm but all I’m seeing are these idiots getting mad that people are posting ab this as a means for “clout” im fuckin disgusted I hate this
Go and find in IMF website.u ever u r I didn't care about u r stupid ideology .india is a democratic country people will decide who is doing better not u.when u unable to see hindhuphobia and radical Islamic terrorism in india u dont have right to blame hindhus
Thousands of Indians, both Muslims n non Muslims r getting far far far better treatment with high quality food n diet than in India. Have you seen a single video of Indians abroad complaining of police brutality, lack of food, treatment? Idiot.
@AAlwuhaib1977 Apartheid is a propaganda word used by terrorist supporters to further the cause of Muslim terrorism.
I would think the Church of England would not keep silent about the rise of radical islamic propaganda in Great Britain. Christians must support the Jewish people.
She got my attention with the Kavanaugh hearing. She jumped right on the side of the woman before she knew what was going on. Just because you have a platform does not mean a “Christian” woman should use it. I’m praying for her daily. Something is not right about her.
U know what else is real- 1. Islamic terrorism is real 2. Radical islam is real 3. Ghazwa-e-hind is real 4. Killing of sadhus is real #PalgharMobLynching
U have no knowledge. She s tellin truth about syria. All secular muslims and christians support president assad but u choose to believe radical saudi arabia and quatar. That doesnt make sense, stop believing media for once
Delete tweet. Cause you should mention source date time in original tweet. What you are doing is being selective &amp; biased. Not curbing but spreading even more hatred. Please dont speak for us muslims , we will do it ourselves. Idiots like you are a reason why the hate doesnt stop
@RomeroScott Not gunmen, Muslim terrorists.
@Generalshaami44 This is actually the only kind of job that mujahedeen are intellectually suited for.
...So Google images that link to articles about Moors arent credible enough for you? It’s the easiest way for me to show you what the Black muslim Moors looked like. You don’t have to be accept it as fact but you should stop spreading false information. You look like an idiot.
Where is Jagmeet Singh's outrage over Israelis under attack? Where are Justin, Gerald & the other Librano$, outpouring of support for these ”peoplekind”Or for the Christians being slaughtered in Nigeria. let's hear all rage &amp; disappointment about these terrorist radical Islamists
@DawlatnaMansura The end result being that the Jihadi will be turned into a piece of outdated garbage with zero real world value.
He didn’t bend the know you guys are idiots bending the knee is apologizing to the mob not your employees. Respect I don’t agree with all of barstools antics but it seems like a cool place to work for yaw looking for any Arab-American Muslims with a new podcast Roomy’s Garage
Muslims are absolute pseudo secular & radical but they r all weather supporters of their community. Hindus are pseudo secular too but here they will go all out to support other communities esp the "Makkaar"muslims &amp; Christians.Ex no Hindu came out in protest for Kashmir Hindu .
Calling everyone Nazis just makes you look like a dolt. But I'm sure you'll ignore the actual traceable ties to BLM and Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas in order to say the word Nazi. Now call them fascist. While acting like one. Sorry attempt to justify violence, idiot. Cheers.
Muslims are more eager in China than they are in India, the chinese are a civilised and cultured people, unlike you backward stone worshipping idiots. We dont deal with their Intern security issues because they are more than trustworthy and capable of dispensing law and order.
Every time you take in more illegals, you take away money from the poor in our country. No Christians support Trump's statement about grabbing someone, but the alternative was Hillary and a party that supports infanticide, radical transgenderism, and attacks religious freedom
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab Arab world : &gt;No Democracy. &gt;Religious sharia law &gt;No religious freedom to non Muslims. &gt;Religious Umma. &gt;Muslim brotherhood. &gt;Never speak against genocide due to Islamic terrorism. Ur silence has caused “Islamophoba” not us. “Practice what u Preach”.
A church was converted into mosque and you idiot comparing this with babari... That babri was also built on the ruin of temple... A seer Islamist mindset.. just go and see how many muslims have their own houses in Mumbai...
@SadiqKhan Khan how much have you given to your muslim friends, how much to mosques. SADIQ Khan is a fcuking idiot @pritipatel get rid of this fool
Are you idiot!!.. The suffix "stan" is used in Islamic countries for example Pakistan, afghanistan, uzbekistan, kazakhstan etc. Having prefix "stan"... Is India a muslim nation??? India's original name is jambudweep, bharatkhande, aryaavart.. So just call it Bharat.
how many of you idiots fall for these white girl twitter bots that tweet “i am now muslim” 255,000 dumbasses
Shutup you idiot. Victim blaming. Acting as if girls in hijab aren’t subject to this, and acting as if Muslim men are never the perpetrators.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews So when are you going to admit that the Quran is wrong.  I'm waiting.
Rana, what is your problem? Why do you have to link every bloody thing to Muslims and Kashmir? Why can't you mind your own freaking business?? Indian Muslims are the happiest. Except YOU... Do you swear your allegiance to P? #IDIOT
How intelligently you started from a Muslim guy and also went to show your post is neutral. You are a fattu. If you have guts talk about that idiot only Aligarh. Hypocrisy is to the core in fake journalists like you. Shame
@MoonNor27 The Shia militia are terrorists that are only slightly better than ISIS. Look at the Shia militia in Yemen.
So is the Quranic assertion you posted valid to you when it's obvious boko harams, ISIS and co claimed to be Muslims This terrorists even know Quran than you..so they're acting according to what they read Abi they're sponsored by Christians?
Dude which brand u use? Talking like an idiot In no nation muslims enjoying freedom as much as they do in india, it's just that you ppl r utterly ungrateful who has a tendency to deceive ppl for all religious reasons
Allah doesn't say kill n harm humanity. Terrorist have no religion n they don't believe in Allah. U don't have any concept of 'jihad.
Whole world is facing Communist terrorism and Islamic terrorism but nooo u wont say a word about it. It doesn't suit ur narrative!
They have muslims in that country too you idiot. Ever heard of Muhammadali or Malcolm X? Islam stands with life and humanity. Nukes stand against that. If you stand with nukes, then you stand against life and humanity. Simple as that.
Ohh.. what do you know about RSS? It's not like Muslim organizations which keeps their hand busy in terrorist activities. Idiots like you only believe that RSS people are terrorist. I pity your consciousness
This comes at the same week where David Silva (10) and Leighton Baines (13) ended their respective stints in the Premier League. Hyping up a player I genuinely believe has a bright future at the club is not allowed now? My being a Muslim doesn't excuse you being an idiot.
RT @BernardGaynor: Islamic immigration is already leading to violent intimidation #auspol http://t.co/9t1Up0AZdx
@suzanneblueblue @AmyMek @SonnieJohnson Sharia law is far more evil than outlawing a few vices. Here. #Islam http://t.co/vJtyjZleeG
Only an idiot would expect to be treated kindly after investing so much energy menghina beliefs orang lain. But it takes a special level of lack of self-awareness to hina Islam, pastu play victim when Muslims defend Islam. Ramai je atheist yang respectful. Unlike you.
you got to be a hugggeeee idiot if you think muslim women arent allowed to pray in a MASJID
You make a good point here but you’re telling me that there are no violent protesters with a rhetorical question and saying that they are just “white idiots” first which I can get behind with. Same thinking as not all Muslims are terrorists which I agree with. But
I am sure not all muslims in Pakistan are like these idiots. Majority of them are just like any other religion, just that they don’t speak up against such people. But then as a community you don’t get the respect of other communities if you can’t keep these elements checked.
Bhaiya why u are wasting your time with this jehadi..Whole world knows almost every muslim is of jehadi or terrorist mindset by birth. There is almost 55 islamic country but u know most of them are suffering from their own islamic terrorism. So stop arguing with this jehadi.
Find me a nice Christian woman who smokes weed and listen to hip-hop I need it right now
have you ever read the Quran where does it say it's okay to to kill people like isis and other terrorists are doing. I am just using your logic against you . Terrorism has no religion
is bramhin do this thing ,u kill and rape kashmiri pandit ,dont blame us for this we dont do this we are victim of islamic terrorism
Because all you idiots know about Jihad is Jihad of Kalashnikov made by infidels.Muslim Munafiqeens like Pakistan,Turkey or Qatar under the order of CIA or other Kaafir country brainwash some stupid Muslims nd encourage them to do Jihad of Kalashnikov against a Muslim country..
Madam, Terrorists are a nuisance. When ISIS cannot be stamped out, then how can you even think ISI organised terrorism can be beaten in one strike. It is the evil mind of barbarism because of what they believe in which is the problem. Read Quran. You will know. 72 hoors, crazy!
That’s right! I just said that very thing to @Franklin_Graham. I am very upset that @realDonaldTrump takes gods name in bain and says BULLSXXT! I just can’t take all that foul language. I am a GOOD Christian woman!
US Roman Catholic bishops have promised no peace until a foreign country gets its way on political issues. That's treason. Christian woman have a right to follow scripture which is clearly pro-choice. They have no obligation to worship &amp;receive foreign idols that pollute Earth.
Hehe keep on barking but no one will hear you, they'll just assume a idiot muslim barking may blast anytime..olaaa Uber..boom... that's your people fate.. Insulted everywhere bcoz of being from Terrorist community. Keep it up
The sign when an idiot loses an argument is when they throw around the word racist. . And you miss the point, I don't believe the Quran but a billion muslims do, but history says he had slaves and was a trader. You need to read more instead of being brainwashed by BBC news
@IDF I thank you for your service towards humanity. What you have done is really commendable. Islamic jihad has claimed countless lives in our countries and in the world. A terrorist less, is a step towards a better future.#IndiaStandsWithIsrael #indiawithisrael #JiHadEnough
We are not like u murder of humanity. U massacre Kashmiri Pandits and now making fool to world. India now will not tolerate Jihad any more now. Send ur terrorist in Kashmir we will show ur generations that what is result of exporting Terrorism into Kashmir.
If you are a leftist, you support NBA, Nike, democrats, Biden, who are bought off by China who has gulags of muslims, organ trafficking, forced muslim female Uighur marriages to ethnic non Muslim Han Chinese. How crazy are they? And they support pedos too. Useful.idiots.
@NNdabbour64 The same old lie about property rights.  But Arab women had those before Islam.
@Censored31 @rupertmurdoch What are you crying about microbrain. Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
Bro is it true that isis terrorist organisations has 1st qalma of quran on their terror flag?
Are u sure that im a muslim? Well, everything you said about Islam's last Prophet is nothing but a big lie which u can't prove. Oh btw Muslims do not worship their Prophet, muslims worship God only. Ure an idiot. Lol
Support The Cause! The most hardworking Patriot I know is selling these Symbolic Crosses. Cross of St. James Matamoros, the patron saint of The Reconquista, which was the Spanish war to end centuries of radical Islamic rule over the Christians in Spain. https://vladtepesblog.com/cross-of-st-james-matamoros/
RT @KV_alumni: In the wake of the #ParisShooting it pisses me off to hear politicians, celebrities &amp; the like,trying to lessen Islam's role…
RT @peddoc63: @fernleex Muslims not killing are complicit by silence.Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.Ali was maimed by Islam. http://…
Sitting in Sydney ,, First they say all muslims are not Jamaathi .. now moron like you say 14% population. Idiot follow the news if u want to comment . Hear the clip, though it is in Hindi . She said these people should be sent to jail solitary &amp; treated .not jungle.
What about the Muslims and their indoctrination of kids? Or are you just a Christian atheist? You're and idiot and you would never say such things in my presence, guaranteed!
so even tho Kayleigh McEnany told churches to open & if they do & it results in thousands more people getting sick & dying, she still stands as a Christian woman, right?
But u can finance radical islamic terrorism in the whole world with oil money..this hypocrisy won't work now
That shows your complete ignorance right there! First, I was speaking of all my local non profits that I volunteer at including the YWCA, since you are such the Christian woman! Secondly, you prevent abortion with education and birth control which PP does.
“not all muslims are from islam you idiot” .
Holy Christ! All the books are holiest, Bible,geetha, Quran. ISIS, RSS are terrorist organizations,they are the biggest enemies are mankind
For Hindus Islam has been big harassment,then Christians they have destroyed peaceful Hindu society. So u shld agree evil people in guise of Muslims destroyed temples&amp;harassed Hindus. Muslims brand Hindus kafir&amp;Mushriks which is root cause of Islamic terrorism in India.
Not long ago all Muslim were apologetic for some idiotic action of few Muslim now it’s white peoples turn entire white race is feeling guilty for few idiots. Now you know how it feels to be victimised
I completely support the views of @KapilMishra_IND Ji on eradicating d root cause of Jihad. Wombs dat gives birth or nurtures Terrorists must be destroyed to save Humanity, Peace &amp; Prosperity of India. If these wombs aren't destroyed, we'll keep facing Pathankot, Uri, Pulwama...
@CherguiaMbark Mostly it shows how vile, inhuman, digusting, and barbaric that religion is. #Islam
What about all the other domestic terrorists who support Trump and are radical white Christian nationalists?
@adimuliapradana It is the Muslims that don't follow the Quran and Hadiths that are peaceful. Those who follow it are always violent. #Islam
Well, Jerry Fakewell, Jr....is an Evil, Smelly, Radical, Lying, Religious Fraud! Christianity Today = Real Christians He &amp; Fraudklin Graham, Fraudla White, Jim Fakker, Evilgelicals, all who support the Orange Antichrist...aren't Christians &amp; would crucify Christ today!
You could say the new victoriastan lockdown gave everyone the sh!t's again? Thanks to #DictatorDan And the #BLMAustralia #protesters And the #Eid2020 #Cluster #Muslims and everyone else being idiots in #victoriassecret, the #Australian #Communist #utopia of #melbournistan
I know this is taken from a sufi book which has been written by a Muslim who is not even a historian and a nobody. You would be an idiot to think that a sufi book written by a random Muslim is a historical fact.
The left has now become a real and threatening danger to Britain's recovery as a free sovereign trading nation. INCREDIBLY the left is using Muslims and Black people to destroy Britain. MUSLIMS. BLACK PEOPLE. You have been persuaded to saw the branch from under you. YOU IDIOTS.
RT @RavenHUWolf: Islam's War On Women Continues. Islam continues to show how they value women... http://t.co/6Uefi2sGBZ http://t.co/AL1emSK…
Wese sochne ki bt ha India khtm hoa tou tm log kahan Zalel ho gy? Even India py Muslims rule for 800 years. We rule over you idiot
@hdmovieus Islam is terror.  To fight terror you have to fight Islam. Your prophet and your god are both sick terrorists. #Islam
It is against the law in America for Muslims to hold any government positions. So what idiots drop the ball? The left wants to blame the right and the right is blaming the left. I see you’re all complicit in breaking that law by excepting the son of a bitches
Yea. The cities aren’t burning idiot. Stop being scared all the time. It’s pathetic. HISPANICS, BLACKS, MUSLIMS AND MARXISTS ARE COMING TO GET ME!! AAAAAAAAAA!!! You’re being controlled by people who don’t even like you. Stop being a mark for the conmen.
Actually India hasn't done NRC yet but I hope we will complete it soon till your nxt BullSh!+ report CHINA can help us with this process.... For SURVEILLANCE - Reeducation Camps for ending ISLAMIC TERRORISM etc.Thank u for pushing us into RIGHT DIRECTION Keep doing that MF
Everyone On Twitter Has The Freedom To Tweet Whatever They Want This Christian Woman of God Has The Same Rights Islam And Christians I Am Done With With Arrogant Men of Islam Can't Tweet Salvation which Is My Right Islam
It was a splendid read Sandeep Ji. Great research. As you referred to Ghengis Kahn, I read John Man’s two books One on Ghengis himself and other Kublai Kahn. His tirade against Muslims happened because he was provoked by an idiot called Mohammed of Kwarzem. Great read.
I'M ROFLING Yazan, bro why didn't you just go for a REG muslim girl?! Seriously you cant make them stop hugging and drinking sounds like you want a muslim girl I'm dying of laughter what an IDIOT these muslim boys are!
Muslims will know about every riots because they are the ones who start riots. Sometimes they will see others resisting and giving the taste of their own medicine back to them. Muslims burnt 59 Hindus Alive in a train that's what started 2002 riots you idiot.
Watch #CInews: The Christian Institute expresses its support for a church’s legal action against Edinburgh Council, Westminster introduces a radical new abortion law in Northern Ireland, and a Christian politician speaks to colleagues of his trust in God. http://youtu.be/CnVrxGHdZKU
This is true. White nationalist terror is more of a danger to Americans in the U.S. than Islamic terrorism abroad.
Political engagement w moderate is needed. You will have 2 show modern Muslim not Muslim w beard and no moustache! Muslim professionals be in front, not idiot mullah. It’s hard, pls don’t think it’s easy. But what’s the alternate? Chaos-war. Why hurt innocent for radical idiots
I just wonder Rick how she can look herself in the mirror everyday and call herself a Christian woman... Where is the balance between doing what is right and what is criminal for the biggest con man in world politics. How can she just stand there and... LIE???????????????
@ummayman90 Who knows if they criticized him?  He killed them.  And the things against him would never make it into the Sunnah.
Packing places of worship for Easter is just what the Bible Belt will do. A far right Christian woman said she will be protected from COVID-19 by the blood of Jesus.
@harmlesstree2 Like the Ottoman Empire was a pure slave state.
Khan has ties to and ideological support for the Muslim Brotherhood which is a radical Islam sect that murdered suspected gays and Christians until they were arrested by the thousands in Egypt with many being executed under real secular law.
He is a so called Muslim. Islam never promote terrorism.Then why did u call it as s " islamic terrorism."?
I am also not defending them just because these idiots happen to be muslim...you immediately painted whole community with the same brush....
@PoliticalAnt Look at the data dipwad, 2/3 want sharia law, which denies all rights to women and non Muslims. http://t.co/7QupIMBaN7
He can't be a server at our restaurant, that beard makes him look like a terrorist. Everyone laughs. #fuckthanksgiving
Really? You haven't read quran then. It's absolute a code of life. For ISIS, Al Qaeda, LeT, JUM, and the millions of terrorists, now and throughout history. Hide behind irrelevant Verses to spread hatred and violence. That can't be religion. That pure unadulterated evil.
@IlhanMN what is a train wreck - your marriage to your brother - you destroying two families cuz you couldn't keep your panties on - you support for radical islamic groups - your antisemitism / hate for christians - and YOUR HAIR
Good Luck with that Omar! Shows just how stupid you are! You will have as much luck with getting rid of our Anthem as you Muslim idiots getting rid of Sharia Law! Dumbass!
@ummayman90 It's not about who was not murdered by him, it's about who was.
As long as we make feel good lectures and demonstrations about freedom of speech we are avoiding the real problem - the violence of Islam.
@kaitlancollins Please ask the fine Christian woman that is the press secretary if she Would be comfortable sending her child to day care or school in Florida right now.
@MaxBlumenthal @veganforareason @brendlewhat @dhere A Muslim woman talks about sex slaves while Max panders to them. https://t.co/jXPDgugY01
If the Democrats get office America will go to hell. You people need to wake up, Trump is the only hope America has, Democrats will take God away. We will end up being just like the Muslims and ISIS and all those shitty countries that have no rights!!! IDIOTS
You forgot to mention about Muslims who uploading videos saying the virus will not affect them and almighty will protect them, Just look at the tablighi jamat idiots who have become super spreaders of the virus in India.
Do we ask any suppotr from you? Why are you people always poking your noses into our own matters? We dont need any support from idiot peoples..if he is a man enough why cant he support to #balochi peoples &amp; china muslims? #Hypocriteafridi
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan Mohammed was a head chopper who beheaded 600 Jewish men in one day. Both ISIS and Hamas love beheading people.
@_Jihadi_ @ansaralummah2 @lIlIlllIlIllI LOL. Look at you with a towel wrapped around your head.  Pretty freaky.
@roisin_morgan Then you are a total idiot, because Muslims are killing people around the globe. They are at war with every religion on earth
I mean being a straight white Christian woman in America is like the hardest thing ever, right????
In truth all the political parties throughout the west promises is that of the Islamic terrorists promises to wage jihad on humanity .
This guy is WORST than @realDonaldTrump . THERE IS NO MUSLIM BAN YOU IDIOT! @JoeBiden #NoBanAct
Every one knows who is murderers. Who is murdeing innocent people in the name islamic terrorism.. u dnt have any rights to talk abt killings .
There are some idiots in every religion. We should not associate an entire population with what they do. I do not think all muslims drink camel urine, I expect the same from you. But you have proved you're a racist long ago so lets stop this right here.
@taimiiSays Islam is hatred and Jihad. http://t.co/bp228IR12B
Has Always Been Demonizing Hindu Gods &amp; Sentimentsâ¦
@ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam The job Mohammed set Muslims is not done while Israel exists. http://t.co/iLVg1qTxVa
So, you liberal idiots, still think electing muslims to public office is a good thing?
Nice video from ex Muslims of North America you found this idiot Yasir qadhi who has been refuted by the scholars
RT @Madasatrain69: @OZzSue @Muslim_Patrol @sneekinsneekout Read an Islamist's tweet. http://t.co/7uAkhcWAvl Insane. Life denying. Heartless…
If u find word ISLAMIC TERRORISM hatred then change ur word hindutva Terrorist , if u don't it means u intentionally wants people to HATE ,only wants to change victim .
You obviously lack the comprehension to even skim the article before throwing your uninformed crap around since a slightly higher percentage of people believed the same about Muslims. Idiots everywhere.
Waise is bande ne to hadd hi kardi hai aaj. Im at a loss of words. I feel ashamed to be a Muslim man when you have idiots like this guy.
Human Rights Campaign: A Christian woman kidnapped by Muslims - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/TGT8H2mY via @Change
Islamic terrorism is against hindu u know swami ji don’t behave like Dalal Maintain dignity... lastly I feel u r a false hindu like Murari bapu ..?
Please, be a little more specific: which muslim country? But, don't tell me about ISIS or other terrorist groups which are not a legitimated state. Look sura 90 in the Quran: The righteous path: "...It's the freeing of slaves...." So, try to read the source of the faith.
We r with u keep on debate on jihad and islamic terrorism
@Ammaawah @jm111t In a lot of Muslim countries saying that Mohammed is flawed is blasphemy that would get you beaten.
You should go ahead and explode the stereotype of the Muslim – or even radical Muslim – terrorist. Murdering innocent people is a crime against humanity, not just religion.On the name of Gazawa_e_Hind or Jihad you will achieve only Hell nothing else..
@LifeInKhilafah Islam, on the other hand fights to take away people's freedom and force them to obey an imaginary terrorist god.
The biggest logic is being a muslim you can't congratulate anyone over a sin it's same as someone "is doing zina and you idiot is clapping n saying more power to you guys keep it up" bt if you are not muslim no point of discussing with you
@Israelites234 @LahavHarkov @Aliyaist @Gil_Hoffman @Jerusalem_Post Obviously you didn't bother to read up on Bandera.   Remain stupid!
Lady Gaga continued: "I am a Christian woman, and what I do know about Christianity is that we bear no prejudice, and everybody is welcome. So you can take all that disgrace, Mr. Pence, and look yourself in the mirror and you’ll find it right there."
And The whole blm campaign goes against many Christian values like 2 parent households and nuclear families. And the have said that they support a radical left group. So aligning with them isn’t about police brutality and black lives.
@TII99 That is a total lie.  Minorities in Muslim lands have been exterminated for 1400 years.
@RanaAyyub @Shehla_Rashid @_sabanaqvi Terrorists celebrate EID The biggest threat to humanity worldover is terrorism Bcoz of Islamist Jihad
after all of this hindus gave bigger land to Muslim to build masjid in same city. but in Pakistan, its normal land where hindus want to build their mandir. btw i love to educate idiot like you.
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Salon tries to shut down free speech and shut people up by playing a race card about an ideaology. #Islam
I will never understand how Christian woman tear apart, discourage, put down, and have no empathy for their sisters, in the name of "you need to get yourself right"
Sorta like the Muslims being persecuted in China yes? They are going to end up in the concentration camps you approved. Good going. Hypocritical idiot.
You may not believe it, but in 1400 years ago #Islam has spoken about fingerprints in #quran Surah Al-Qiyamah [75:4] https://quran.com/75/4?translations=20 #attention #ISIL/#ISIS and other #terrorists are not #symbols of Islam! #SaudiArabia #Trump #US #IRAN #news #Islamophobia #Terrorist
people here think that blm movement is west communism and its against Christians and traditional family cuz only lgbtq+ peeps goes there. sorry my brains are malfunctioning, WHAT?! right, if you're a good christian woman, you can't speak just poop 20 kids out of your vagina, cool
Radical Islamic terrorism and Jihadist are greatest threat to world peace and humanity. Their supporters are more dangerous than them. These paid agents of Jihadist and terrorist are exposed. They are working on one side agenda only. That is jihad.
RT @TRobinsonNewEra: http://t.co/F32WeECVnm ONE MILLION or more illegal alien Muslim invaders set to flood into Italy and the rest of Euro…
Hey Big Mike, did any country used sanctions against the USA when Trump banned Muslims from entering the country and locked up kids in cages?It is all noise. You and your buddy Trump idiots BBC News - US sanctions China officials over Xinjiang 'violations'
Wow @chancetherapper did you read Ye’s interview? Your choice doesn’t even think I should have a right to get an abortion. As a Christian woman, I don’t believe it’s within my power to take women’s basic rights away. Fuck Ye and Biden. That’s the point honestly.
U should think about Islamic terrorism, stop islamic terrorism
And some German Jewish academics saw Hitler as the only thing standing between them & the radical Russian Bolsheviks. We know how that turned out. A true Christian does not support one evil because he thinks there is a greater evil out there. A true Christian rejects ALL evil.
What do you expect as a Muslim. The right are against him the left are with him and he is with them so don't be surprised. The Muslim faith's my aim is to undermine Western civilization from within and if you are the kind of person that says I am an idiot then you are in denial
This is what happened yesterday! Germany police raided some shia mosques, with their boots and dogs. Disrespect the Quran and duas books for pleased their master US and Israhell. Hezbollah are those who fight against Isis and terrorist groups in Syria, and defending minorities!
What's wrong in BJP shutting you guys for even airing such shit..Dare to air all the hatred videos few muslim idiots keep posting to instigate communal violance? Hindus &amp; muslims don't want to fight but its you who want us to. How do you even eat food earned with blood money
I really hate tweeting about Turkey but y’all are making me do it. Non-Turkish Muslims need to stop treating Muslim Turks as idiots. We get what’s symbolism and what’s not. What you don’t understand is what we’ve been through. You did not live through what we did.
@PulitzerPrizes 104 inglorious years of playing politics behind the garb of journalism. U r despicable. U promote islamic terrorism in kashmir
Muslim pakistan doesn't have border dispute. It's part of India. It was illegally and artificially created by 90% of the muslims of my country by betraying me and this country. Therefore, don't talk nonsense, idiot! I'm ashamed of you today and your father in 1946!
That was an analogy idiot Read the fuckin meaning !!! You think muslims are foreigners and hindus are native, that same ideology was of hitler that jews are foreigners and aryans native. ANALOGY. YOU are kind of dude who needs 10 page theory to understand the word theory.
What the hell! I am a white christian woman facing oppression right now and I’m not sure how to react. Just know I am carrying.
@ohSAMah Like all such writers, they blab on endlessly as experts without ever having read the Quran or Hadiths.
on a country with terrible infrastructure and a history of radical Islamic terrorism. A chicken could have run on to a plane from the airport. An American U.S. embassy employee was shot and killed in front of my apartment in 2008. See Executive Order.
Also what are contribution of islam to world is loot, grab, rape, lies, fraud, jihad, terrorists, and n number of crimes, what is the contribution at humanity and peace through islam very rare, muslim also not able live in peace at muslim majority places
Idiot What is CH9.5 you recite 5x a day? Please translate n post. Every verse you recite is that of supremacists. Just try and say to fellow Muslims ‘Hindus, Jews, Sikhs, Jain, Buddhist are equal to Muslims, Muslims must restore 40,000 plus HinduTemples destroyed by Islam’
U radical guys responsible for islamphobic it s not phobic, it s pro active from Islamic terrorism , even Pakistan also suffering from Islamic terrorism. So u creates here big social NGO to cover Islamic terrorists. Daily many terrorist shot dead from army across global.
"More American Muslims support gay marriage than American Christians. Ilhan Omar, who some conservatives comically believe is some kind of radical Salafi, took a stand this year on behalf of transgendered competitors in sports."
That's a true Patriot and true Christian woman right there...GOD BLESS HER
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood They just produce Islamolunatics. http://t.co/QXIH8Bd7NV
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Not masked. The Quran and the Hadith declared war on humanity 1400 years ago. http://t.co/tuOWg1ltyj
#CInews: The Christian Institute expresses its support for a church’s legal action against Edinburgh Council, Westminster introduces a radical new abortion law in Northern Ireland, and a Christian politician speaks to colleagues of his trust in God.
Since you have embraced radical Islam, you are an enemy of Israel. How any American Jew can support you is unfathomable.
@RealPushpendra @pujatiwariBJP @RidhimaTripath4 YOU ARE SO KNOWLEDGEABLE ABOUT HINDU RELIGION,WHAT'S YOUR TAKE ON HALALA,TRIPLE TALAQ,ISLAMIC TERRORISM,MULTIPLE WIVES,LOTS OF CHILDREN. YOU SHOULD HAVE GUTS TO SAY ABOUT YOUR RELIGION,OR U R PAID TO SAY AGAINST HINDUS. JAI HIND
You should be happy idiot because your favorite army killed an innocent Muslim in IOK
This guys first tweet was 13 hours ago and now the guy behind this fake account gained a whole 12k retweets and 7k followers You idiots that believe in this foolishness need professional help All it takes is for a white person to say they’re a Muslim &amp; you all bow down to them
Its not a symbol of hate, not nearly as hateful as your name on a building. Another made up chant from the idiot who said he saw Muslims celebrating 9/11 just after bragging about the height of his building. You are complete trash.
A dumb person trying to differentiate between Hinduism and Hindutva . Hinduism ko hindi me translate krlo jaahil . 2nd, ISIS is Against Islam, ok well done, then why "GOOD MUSLIMS" aren't Protesting Against ISIS? And why every Terrorist organization is flourishing using Quran?
She is an amazing journalist! The radical Christians here have no room to speak about any other religion. They are such hateful people. I do not support this at all. India doesn't belong on that list and it is an insult that it is on there. I'm sorry
Bro first of all understand hraja is pointing radical islamic terrorism, not normal muslims, if u dont understand watch the speeches of vellore syed ibrahim to know what hindu leaders are pointing out all muslims have wrong thought about bjp &amp; rss, thats need to be changed
@discerningmumin And that meant that once the dictators were gone, the Islamolunatics would try to disrupt democracy with violence.
I see you are an idiot as well. I was responding to the antisemitic post that claims Jews have 'the power' because you supposedly can't criticise them. I was just pointing that someone writting an anti black or anti muslim post has more chance to get immediately fired. so........
@westernreviews @hanna_bard Sometimes you have to go to the Hadiths to clarify the Quran.
Says a hypocrite radical Sanghi. You guys call Christians in India rice bag converts, harrass them &amp; are out in support here. Have a lot at your own backyard hypocrites.
You guys are scared of muslim u don't even know mostly 90% rakhi is not made up of leather and. Why don't u protect goats from bakri eid I want an answer idiots
No don’t stop it. We are at war and we need war reporters. If we don’t show it, the world won’t know what’s going on - that Islamic Terrorism is more dangerous than #COVID19 in the U.K. for those under 60 with no relevant pre-existing health problems. I wonder who gets it next?
Looks like islamic terrorism want 2 create false competition because dey dont hav competition so far all over d world there 150+ terrorist organization with name muhammad in it. Yes he wil b very happy to c his name. In modis petition u can add 10mil count who signed v dont care
Haha. Oh come on now. You think God doesn’t know you’re substituting chit for shit? I’m sure you are the epitome of a good christian woman, right? And yet you LOVE Trump! Lmao
Getting hate for all the right reasons! My first bad review came from a fundamentalist Christian woman who was offended by our script because of the lines "Do you believe in God?" "Does it matter? He'll be or not be whether or not I believe in him. That's a stupid question."
I bet he’s one of the very few who would ever claim that. The Jews & the Christians share a lot of values and we should support each other, otherwise radical Islamization is the future and I’m sure neither of us would like that.
RT @YesIamSaffron: Disgusting in Name of Freedom of Speech This Jihadi Swine @pbhushan1
saying You created more germs you idiots. Then you created more muslims.
@MaxBlumenthal So why doesn't Blumenthal go and ask Hamas why they never have elections.
RT @george3612: @ProudPatriot101 Nick Griffin Exposed the Rape Jihad Way Back in 2004 and the BBC Conspired to Imprison Him.https://t.co/Ke…
@FromCarl No they don't they share a commitment to the barbarity of their religion. http://t.co/kPJSe079Al
RT @PeterTownsend7: #Muslim #Islam Welcome to the Hotel Islamfornia. May check out any time but never leave. http://t.co/8vVkPH55DH http://…
I've always said it.. Radical Islam exists because the non radical one "peaceful" like they say permit it.. you don't see Christians going round killing people anymore because anyone who preaches violence is reported and death with.. Yall support this shit with your silence..
Cause im allergic to idiots. how we get all muslims onthe same page is our struggle nothing to do with you. dont worry about it.
You are in awe of Muslims since centuries. Especially Hindu woman. She is good but bhuktus are idiots. Bhuktus u are jealous of us. Admit u look ugly, short and medium bodies no life. Only in B/wood Tarzans. What heroes u show in B/wood is ordinary Abdul in Pak Handsome ppl
Not single person. 90% bomb blast in india done my Indian mujahedeen but still Hindus never went against local muslim population. u people only abuse Hindutva saying it is RSS term but when We talk about Islamic terrorism you say-'No Bro Terrorism is nothing to do with Islam'
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost Painting others as inhuman is exactly what the Quran does to non-believers.
RT @joe_nuzz: Why Our President Chose to Insult Christianity and Excuse Militant Islam at the National Prayer Breakfast   http://t.co/c6IwF…
RT @RayJBray: @Juliet777777 @Vassa42 @2tweetaboutit They are breeding us out of existence in the westernised world. Islam will rule the wor…
“muslims are pressed over nothing” nO. you’re just an idiot uneducated who won’t take the time to understand the people that are ACTUALLY CONCERNED BY THE SITUATION.
@WitnessToAllah The poor women do it because they marry a Muslim man and are pressured into it. Men do it in prison. It's a criminal's relig
Respect isn't demanded, but earned. Stop normalising respecting religions you idiot. I would never respect a pedophile who married a 6 year old and ordered killing of non muslims in many hadiths and in the quran. These are only too of the MANY horrible things about that demon.
What do u expect?? They support Radical Islamic Terrorism... As Trump calls them 'Fake News' they belong to...
4.88 is threat to pretending Muslims and those who want to leave Islam. 4.89 is punishment 4.90 is if Kaffirs surrender don't fight. How 4.89 is affected? Are you an idiot or acting as a need of time. Take ur time. Slavery is still pending
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Objecting to this is what the PC morons of Salon call racism. http://t.co/pEPfxlLKfu
@logicalmind11 You are living under severe delusions. The reason Mohammed so hated Jews was because so few were willing to convert.
@ilhaam673 @B1236M Here is how #Islam inscribes the inferiority and abuse of women. http://t.co/wXassJMkTd
You've got to be an idiot. Do you know how many Muslims have fought and died for our country...Apparently not.
These are the people that will jump right on the Muslim community for its alleged tacit support of radical Islamist violence, but refuse to apply the same standard to themselves in the case of rampant white Christian terrorism.
Agreed. Trump is cozying up to his radical Right Christians who blindly support him. Remember when he went to a prayer meeting and signed Bibles for them? I expected each one that he signed would spontaneously burst into flame. Hehe.
Right, so no Jews were the focus of hate crimes by pro-Palestinian groups? No Christians support or show love tothe jews. People like me know the difference between muslims and radical muslims but good effort.Hope your safe when thesaturation point is met and the violence begins
Have you heard his preacher, Jeremiah Wright? Barack was forced to denounce his radical lies. He was outraged and saddened. Obama said he is Christian, his actions, particularly support for pro-abortion rights and for Planned Parenthood, suggest otherwise.
@urgedharry @nyazpolitics @greenlinerzjm Laugh all you want. Islam is a steaming pile of shit. Good night. Blocked.
[2] haan but you're that kind of hindu who loves hindu-muslim debate so no doubt you find Anshul Idiot as an unbiased person
@ShamiObserver The Muslims are the crusaders, microbrain.
M-Women r gathered by Jihadis-Terrorists Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians conspiring Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity for next HINDU Genocides,Partition,Ethnic Cleansing JIHADIS can't b called INSAAN&gt; r NARPISHACH in HUMAN Form
So according to you we are scared and only muslims are standing up for the Country and this Burhan paani type idiots are social activists who just got shot so that "WE" can feel safe. Grow up &amp; question is still on ALL MUSLIMS ARE NOT TERRORIST BUT WHY EVERY TERRORIST IS MUSLIM.
@nyazpolitics @greenlinerzjm Actual Muslims know very little about Islam.
He dog tell behind truth you idiot rascal you don't know or don't want to tell us this terrorist burning some house some ka so this kind of people should be killed like Muslim terrorist isis https://twitter.com/dune_khaal/status/1266647356746932224
Law is equal for everyone. Be that pregnant or whatever. Safoora Zargar has been booked under UAPA on the basis of evidence. After court trials if she will be found guilty she must be punished as well. Don't put here the 'Muslim Victim Card' you idiot.
It’s called don’t resist arrest and commit several felonies along the way. What part of don’t break the law don’t you idiots understand? The Muslim-in-chief started the attack on police and you Leftists propagate it.
@MurtazaGeoNews we should stop calling these murderous &amp; terrorists &amp; criminals a Jihadi group. This is crime against humanity and not Jihad
Are you people born stupid or did you have to work at it , Muslim is a religion too and I referred to the same difference. Then again I expected an idiot in you kid and I hot one.
The fact that you added ji to Gandhi tells me you respect his commitment to the Indian Christians and Muslims. He sacrificed a lot for those communities. He kept your kind from being massacred. He also made the British administration look like idiots in front of the whole world.
And who the hell is asking for special privileges idiot? You're the one that got triggered by Muslims posting about how difficult this time is not being able to celebrate as we normally do. Just like the rest of you triggered Anti Muslim bigots have been past month or so
Quran and Islam are not what they do , Islam condemns those attacks named as Jihad. Quran is interpreted in different wrong ways like every terrorist group like ISIS , Taliban , Alqaede ... Don't realize a religion by it's followers ,
The muslim brotherhood? Where do you idiots come up with this crap? It is true that the Proud Boys a white supremacist group were actually looting in nyc on Saturday night. Killed a man last month
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 hundred years ago. So hide your head up your butt if you like.
It is disgusting to read Democratic candidate @JoeBiden campaign's attack on India under the garb of "Agenda for Muslim-American Communities." The U.S. must stand with India in its fight against Islamic terrorism.
Just ignore that whole interment of Muslims, suppression of Hong Kong, attack on India, lie-to-the-whole-world about COVID thing? Ridiculous. You’re what they would call a “Useful Idiot”
Kanye,.I feel you. I am an older white Christian woman. Yet, I feel you. But I must tell you.. choose one side or the other. I love you. I hope you choose right, brother.
I don't conflate Muslim with terrorists, I question whether or not the values, customs and beliefs of Islam are compatible with liberal democracy. The exact same thing you libs fo with Christianity. BTW, I simply gave this idiot a taste of his own medicine
@Nigzzzk There is no personal relationship with creator in Islam. Everything comes through a phony prophet and the only relationship is fear
Can't you read...how does it relate with muslims... Idiot
Irony is no one wants these leftist idiots. Maybe Chinese slave labor? Try a Muslim country? Yes if you want to be beheaded or if gay shoved off a building. Cuba might take a few but only for exploitation. Once done let em starve.
Muslims are skilled Islamic Jihad terrorists was really the report was..is not it..they have money power for Killing humanity not for bread
Humanity never dies in India. Never. Indian Army offers water and biscuits to Pakistani Terrorist Zabiullah (born in Multan) who was arrested yesterday in Kupwara of North Kashmir. Engages with him politely. Pakistan ISI with LeT/JeM brainwash innocent youth into Jihad. Idiots.
It does. That's y we have Radical Islamic terrorism and love jihad in this country filled with ppl like u jo charas ganja fook ke ajate hain Twitter pe
That stupid Seattle mayor wants you to bring the Guard into that Muslim-styled no-go zone; she wants violence to be shown on liberal media attacking those smelly idiots. They deserve the maximum police force and they should be forced to clean-up what they've destroyed.
Radical jihadists have left a trail of terror close to #genocide levels. We are urging world leaders to come together to protect #Christians at all costs. The violence MUST end. Show your support now &amp; be the voice of the persecuted. SIGN &amp; RT: https://aclj.us/2A19gfW
Let me know name of TERRORIST in our religion .... may be but very low % so terrorism has religion even world is victim of radical .islamic ....terrorism Now community ... they are united even if they are guilty had u seen any muslim "criticising it " no one
Kashi ka Meer = reference for Lord Shiva you idiot!!! Don’t try to change history. It remains as it is. Who knows there may not be any Muslims in Kashmir in 100 years from now!!!
Father Kevin, I say this as a Christian woman strong in her faith- you have no right to tell me what to wear or how to cover myself in church. You are not to judge me. Only He will judge me, and I welcome His judgement. Not yours.
U r in govt..atleast control islamic terrorism in bjp states than showing news...we all know what's happening but what are you doing
All Nigerian I know that support this orange idiot are all radical Christian extremists.
Boycott isis, al quida , jihad if u really hate terrorism . I know u won't that is the real face . Whole world is suffering from islamic terrorism . China sahi kar raha hai muslims ke saath .
Most Muslims are not idiots as you think, they have their own mind they vote individually and vote to all parties including Congress and BJP. Problem is jokers like you think that follow orders from Jahil Mullah.
Not all hindus voted them,or at least not because they will do this to muslims...and secondly calling an entire nation immoral,evil and inhumane..wow..just the same way of calling pak a terrorist nation..there are idiots on both sides of the border..i am sure you are not kashmiri
Why are you so happy a out it and dancing with the news??? So called intelligent idiot like you... i dare you to speak about muslim religion ans see how many fatwas you get...are these the words you use for lord Ganesh where millions have faith in??? Who gave you the right?
I have family living in dubai, granted they are leaving soon after 20 years. My aunty had all the rights she needed as a Christian woman and they weren’t rich but lived super comfortably so yeah I’d take dubai hhha
Well I’m white and had slavery in our family.white people arent discriminated against.That article is telling you how to.Blm is Muslim Brotherhood and they are going to take over our country and all these idiots are letting them do whatever they want.Its all a cover .Trade Center
All of what u shown r made by Hindus.Terrorist mullas even cut the hands of hindu architects who built Taj Mahal. I doubt jihadists made single contribution to humanity which actually uplifted humanity. Jihad &amp; Science(Universal Truth)r mutually exclusive. @Aabhas24 @Sanjay_Dixit
I love it how you leftist idiots believe the whole crime scenario that happened on the land of Turkish dictatorship. Turkey the land of Muslim Brotherhood. If anyone killed Khashoggi it's Turkey or your intelligence. The cute fiancee story wasn't too convincing.
@BDSSupporter Who cares where they were born, camel breath, they call themselves Israelis and Jews.
What about bastardised Pakistani terrorists? R they ur forefathers.. RSS is the world's largest NGO...and is working for the betterment of the society... try going to its website...but we all know about Islamic terrorism, which actually kills people...for me u r Hinduphobic.
We were just talking about defense and you are to rape cases nowa nd that's an illogical debate, putting end to this shit u all muslims need to self introspect yourselves and think why all world is against radical ISLAMIC terrorism..
Yes you’re right, all these women are lying about these traumatic sexual assaults and it was over FIFTY years. And he DID admit how he treats women. He doesn’t admit to anything. WAKE UP. Your blind devotion is concerning, “Christian Woman”.
B'H! B'H! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS has been THEE BESSSST FIRST "JEWISH" President!!!! The WORK &amp; SUPPORT of ISRAEL, JEWS, Christians &amp; ppl of ALL Faiths (EXCEPT RADICAL ISLAM) is OUTSTANDING!!! It's NOT what a Man says, but What is DOES!!!
The implication you idiot, is that they aren’t contradictory. Let me ask you a question. Assuming that you’re Muslim, do you believe the story of Sodom and Gomorrah. Mentioned in the Koran and hadith?
You fuking pussies. Can't even say. Muslim you can't say. You Can't is NOT AMERICAN YOU AHOLE IDIOT. STOP. Saying WE. No. You. Us is not We. I'm not a Pussy. My Facebook Page is Stronger than FOX NEWS. YOU GET ALL MY SHIT A WEEK LATE........YOU AND GATES. WTF
You sound like a radical extremist dude! Some people choose not to believe and aren’t you as a “Christian” supposed to support that? #athiests
Lol idiot your old tweet doesn't match with this tweet. do you evenknow what are you saying??freedom from what?who are the "bakchodi"?those muslims who accused for the crime. they accepted their crime in court.This happens under Congress government.but still you guys bjp did.
Show original content of the Puran where it says that... These were fake narratives pushed by Muslims to do conversions We have researched all such claims. They are FRAUD claims that only idiots like you believe
Radical left NPR almost as radical as ABC. Hatred &amp; LIES. You support this nonsense. Christian? You're right I can't judge you. But I do judge your words/actions. If someone doesn't point out your errors. Who will? So I doubt your faith. UR closed off.
@asem_1994 Islam only served to slow down science. The few discoveries by Muslims were despite Islam, not because of Islam.
Keeping Londoners safe? You’re the worse mayor in London history. You will be remembered for your failings as the first Muslim London mayor... hopefully lessons learnt by those idiots that voted for you!!
"Ravish may defend Islamic Terrorism a million times..but in return I can only ensure u the mid-level hell . If Ravish Kumar Pandey convert himself to some Ravishuddin..he may get 72 hoors." Short summary of Zakir Naik explanation.
Erdogan supports ISIS, Al Qaeda, Muslim brotherhood and other terrorists groups. He's invading Syria and Libya while provoking Greece simultaneously. However, because he reads few verses of the Quran, something 95% of ya'll do every single day in salat, ya'll simp unconditionally
Being a Christian woman, I can't say it! You did right there, Auntie Em. #TheWizardofOz #tcmparty
I never thought I’d see Library University support a policy where our military abandons an ally (many of whom are Christians) to be ethnic cleansed by radical Islamic Fundamentals.
@DiversityRUs Islam is a cult of murder that declared war on all of humanity 1400 years ago. Here is proof. http://t.co/JH80InPaNz
.@KarenPence You know that that this is wrong. As a Christian woman you must realize that Mike got sucked into the dirt bag vacuum of tRump. You can justify by saying "He was following orders." This is not you, or your family values. Please help Mike make the right decisions.
@ILTAFSHEHZAD Why would I care about the opinion of a guy who follows a pedophile prophet?
Wow ok so #FvckTheFourth is trending? Everyone is such an idiot. If you hate the country then leave. No matter how bad the situation truly is, it could not be nearly as bad as it is in European countries or even in China were they have been killing Muslims (thread)
Second thing you uneducated mongol ( I mean who expects a mongol to be educated) the masjid haram and Mecca belong to the Arab Muslims and you have no right to call my grandfathers idiots or anything like that because they were responsible of spreading Islam to you mongol.
@ExposeFalsehood @arabthomness Mohammed was illiterate and superstitious and Islam's backwardness is catching up to it's Jihadis.
Nah my guy you're the idiot lol. African countries are either Christian or Muslim dominant. I live on the continent my g so
Are you going to at least acknowledge that A) mass immigration is a radical program B) it was implemented w/o the support of the people C)it is replacing the pre-existing White Christian inhabitants in North America You don't have to pass a moral judgement to admit these facts.
Translation - my chances for re-election are dimming so I need to appease the radical Christians and rally their support while denying a woman her own rights.
Disingenuous fool. What about the Uyghrus, Christians in China? Slave labor, harvesting organs we said never again yet here we are. Billionaires shot term gain, support China. Millennials who were raised by radical boomers are socialist. obvious outcome
The embassy in israel thing is bad policy and process racism against Muslims you idiot!
RT @Bhayankur: To hell with your religion. Bloody rascals. If this is not terrorism, what is. This is what chaddi madness has given us. httâ¦
Let me try break it down for you, Taju. I see how hard you're trying: The point is, THERE ARE FOLKS WHO KILL PEOPLE. They're called TERRORISTS- BH, ISIS, Al Qaeda, ISWAP, etc. They carry out MASS MURDER. They ALL quote the Quran to justify their actions...
Will you tell us to learn, u Mothersa Guys burning our India &amp; u following radical Islamic terrorism. Who the hell r u Go &amp; check, u need status why I'll share with u, u people always looking for evidence, whether surgical strike or crime done by Muslim guys
@Nebula1979 Again, you are a Muslim liar. Mohammed said nothing about "stray". And most civilized countries try to find strays homes.
The same idiots that say you can't call all Muslims terrorists but you can call all cops racist, they are literally mental.
@logicalmind11 It is justice to punish your parents if they taught you murder like Islam teaches murder. http://t.co/rjMoT1y3yf
#AbolishICE and no, you are NOT radical. I just want to know what the Christian right find OK about this and that their Jesus would support it -- NO HE WOULD NOT
Absolutely u r not virus .. bcoz u r belonging to #IslamicCoronaJehad #Islamic_Terrorism
RT @Mola_Tiz: Palestinians accepted the 2state solution.one for Hamas and one for ISIS. http://t.co/kPVBxc6MJx
RT @joysamcyborg: Nazism has revisited Europe..this time in garb of Islam. Wave of Antisemitism hits Europe http://t.co/blWnZAHwP5 http://t…
Ok tell me something bad about Islam that isn't about these grooming gangs that are "apparently real Muslims". Actually do some research. Read the Qur'an in English. Educate yourself before you look like an idiot on the internet
Is it written in Quran, Bombing, terrorising, how to become terrorist, ISIS set up karo. Bomb blast karo, temple todo, church todo, sex slave banao, talaak do. Bakri Kato, chicken Kato, then what about PIGS,
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Mohammed ran two Jewish tribes out of Medina and stole their property.
Russia is standing up against the take over by the islamist. US is looking the other way. Support for radical Sunni Islam is a bipartisan policy in the US. (in case anyone wonder why Christians in the Middle East look to Russia for support, not to US).
The rest of the gang were Muslim. This idiot was obviously influenced by the rest. We don't claim him. You can keep him.
You have 58 Muslim Countries. Why don't you take refuge there? Doing HIJRAH? Idiots.
As far as I can tell the opposition to DD is radical environmentalists and Christians who want gov't to impose their morality. No thanks. I'm for it. Bipartisan support in state legislature inc from leaders of GOP and Dems in state House.
None of them. Even none of them think why ISIS not attacking Al Saud's empire &amp; his supporters who played important role in spreading terrorism supplying terrorists, one group of them brainwash minds of youths, fill hatred by lies in name of Islam &amp; Quran bidats etc..
RTI activist @SaketGokhale you must be having Muslim DNA in your body... and if you left journalism and relocate to #Bharat because of @RahulGandhi then it’s proved how brainless idiot you are... Shame on you.... @ZeeNews #SaketGokhle #antihindupropogenda #RamMandir
oh, you mean 1. The democracy that elects an idiot in the White House? 2. The freedom to protest under gun and tear gas? 3. The questions to invoke hatred among races? 4. The decision to have an impeachment that ends up as a joke?5. The freedom to travel to muslim countries?
He Knew He Was Going To Have Me Tell You The Truth He Is Arabic He Taught Me The Quran For This Prophecy He is Your Father He Created Your Christians Overwhelmed Right Now Isalm Doesn't Seem To Care I Can't Breathe He Is Not Happy Christians One Christian Woman Not A Muslim Woman
Dr @indyfromspace I know how painful is for you to be surrounded by idiot who thinks u just want to destroy a historical piece for no reason. We, Muslims and specially Iranians, have been trying to fight with Satan and its puppets too. Massive respect for opening ur knowledge
If u r a literate person please read the article and not the heading of post, article is about what happens to secular hindu in muslim majority but if you still going behave like idiot and can't understand muslim mindset then forgive me
We ourselves need to address this every time we observe this hypocrisy around us. Assuming a Muslim American supports radical factions, is the same as assuming Christian Americans support radical factions who abuse the use of free speech and attack minorities in our own country.
Dear Miss "Christian" woman. You know that Muslims share the same God as you do, right?
We all knew this right? Christians are such hypocrites. Here's the deal everybody else is a murdering slut if they get an abortion but if a Christian woman needs an abortion (even if they protest outside abortion clinics) her abortion is completely necessary and her right.
Similalry, I love "Christian Woman", how it starts soft, then kinda stops, and then kicks right into it with the full band. There were some good tunes on that disc
@loveconcursall @ottomanland ISIS is a giant embarrassment to Muslims, not just because of the barbaric things they do. But because ...
@ummayman90 When people leave Islam, they don't announce it.  They just quietly walk away.
Funny how anyone who disagrees with you is "far left" or "radical." I can't understand why any Christians can support you when your actions and behavior are antithetical to the teachings of Christ.
Right! I mean, the wonderful Christian woman was fucking another woman’s husband and had his baby. Then, he cheated on her, and left her. Adulterous people are so wonderful!! Yay! Prayers!!!
CBS you are a group of idiots. BLM is not a group that cares at all about black lives. Muslim Brotherhood, destruction of US etc.
@shehzilk Stupid comment. That was illegal for US soldiers and they were punnished.  For Muslims, their organizations make murderers heroes.
No she wasn't killed for being a muslim, you idiot! It was a drive by shoot, where they wanted to kill someone else and Aya was in the way unfortunately. Most likely the shooters were black or muslim themselves. 8 have already been caught, u'll c names soon.
I thought the club doesn’t attack itself to politics?? Cuz you lot have a whole statement when Ozil spoke out against the Chinese Muslim concentration camp. Idiots on and off the pitch kmt
You’re Guilty Fake Hero! Busted Russian Rudy @RudyGiuliani and Everyone knows it. Now remember Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians). You fools support a Five Time Draft Dodger, Far Right Radical trump who’s Guilty. Impeachment is Inevitable!
The terrorists do not follow that religion, eh? I've asked before what ISIS does that's not in the quran. Nobody has ever properly answered.
My husband prefers my hair short, my father preferred my mother’s hair short. Etc. This is an extremely stupid subject. Signed, a long-haired (because I like it that way right now), traditional, Orthodox Christian woman. P.S. We all need to look to our hearts.
Tell me one thing Why u dont Say All Lives matter Hindus Lives matter Christians Lives matter African lives matter Jews Lives matter Chinese lives matter Lives are lives who ever it will Dont be biased U need to put in machine who deradicalize you #Radical_Islamic_Terrorism
@congressman_aly Well idiot, I see that every native minority in every Muslim country is a shrinking minority due to Muslim persecution.
She is as dangerous as those #Jihadi terrorists because she is the political face of Islamic Jihad, she is not good for America or Humanity at all. She is a political soldier of Islamic Jihad. Be careful, banish her from US if you want something good for USA
Um...that's total BS. The fact is that American Christian radical atavists that support trump are behind the various legislative acts criminalizing homosexuality. Also: (Yeah, yeah, I know: "Fake Newses!!!!")
It does give subsidy to minority religions, hajj subsidy to muslims and subsidy to Christians for travel to Jerusalem. On the contrary, Hindus get no subsidy from the government. None at all. What an idiot you are, man!
Mam u need to freshen up your research i guess...these #ISIS #Taliban or other terrorist groups do not follow the real islam........frst fo ur homework before speaking something evil socially....our quran doesn't approve what these groups have as their agenda and objectives....
Any one can change the defenition on wikipedia:)) Jihadist are terrorist Islamic groups , they call their fight against modern life and humanity Jihad Jihadis in Israel blow up themselves to kill people Jihadis in Iraq ISIS,Hezbollah in Lebanon, Islamic republic in Iran
@CariCouture @MedicalAidPal @meralhece @jonsnowC4 @AliAbunimah @theIMEU @MaxBlumenthal Kind of like the Islamic world is a prison.
Where were your pure mind and sacred soul when 200 FIR were filed against Arnab Goswami who tears into muslim hypocracey ?? At that time where was your outrage you miniscule idiot ??
You r right &amp; wrong. Wrong becz in supporting ur religion u didn't even once mentioned that what ever that idiot did is wrong &amp;should be punished.u right there should not be hindu muslim angle if the guy himself didn't do this deliberately targeted hindu subject to investigation
"Peaceful people. Lol. Eradicate these muslim scum." ..that sounds totally generalized. The vast majority are peaceful. You didn't say eradicate these extremist idiots, you said eradicate the Muslim scum, including the ones that are peaceful just by the way you stated it
This idiot is a German tennis coach with origins tied to Serbia. You forget the holocaust and genocide of bosnian Muslims ? They were hated for being different, get a grip. https://twitter.com/BigSascha/status/1266569270663806978
You idiots never realise the brainwashing your country did to you.We live together with muslims we respect each other traditions but never rub ones tradition on another.I attend my muslim friends home for Eid and they celebrate Rakhi and holi with us. We are secular and proud!
the problem is not education - the problem is your feeble brainwashed minds.... do 1 thing.... google terrorist orgs in world... see how many are Muslim and PLEASE write down UN designated Hindu/Christian groups... you idiots can’t live with each other let alone others
So funny , a bunch of idiots. You are not gonna bring anything. Don’t be Jealousy on @AbiyAhmedAli success. We Ethiopians are proud of @AbiyAhmedAli . A minority Muslim Oromo extremists will not bring any change against the winner of @NobelPrize @AbiyAhmedAli .
O bastered terrorist you doesn't Jihad for Allah but it's Jihad for SAITAN. Quran clear say If you kill one human you kill all humanity but if you save one human you save all humanity. Why you killing people in the name of religion bastered?
Lmaoo I love when idiots say they’re an ethnicity before they’re Muslim. Sound so stupid. You are Bani Adam. The children of Adam. Adam isn’t even from Earth. Adam was a Muslim from the Heavens. So how are you an ethnicity before a Muslim?
Idiot sangie what is the benefit?you foolish bakt Sachar committee recommended of 10%reservation? Report says economic and social conditions are poorer http://than.SC.Neither Congress nor sangies did anything. BJP says appeasement of muslims is vote bank nothing fromany
and highest number of mosques r.See the Haj houses in India u will not find a matching 5star hotel in Pakistan but still we r islamophobic.Islamophobia awa radical Islamic terrorism both terms are coined by the west so bark on them,they will give u the right medication.
Let alone history. Just look at the hard facts 4 last 30 yrs if not more. U ll not at all be shocked to find out hw many millions of lives have been taken by ur radical islamic terrorism. Tym2 introspect. Esp educated elites lyk u. If u dont reform ur regressive deen u r fu*ked !
I have 2 no profile people in my notifications right now, I thought you were a christian woman trying to justify genocide haha
I am just an ordinary Muslim when an idiot person like you know and makes sure that the Qur’an and we Muslims have nothing to do with what who claims jihad does, come back and talk to me, why do you feel offended when you worship the cows? Isn't that what you do exactly
Amen to that and frankly the fact that those idiots voted a Muslim in the office which really gives a shit but you are a leader and I believe you will steer this country in the right direction keep up the good work
You are no Christian woman if you are denying human rights (body rights) to women. What’s the point of bringing more children in this world if you don’t even care about and care for the already living ones?
I've commented on that already. There's no way that the movie should be banned. Just because their religion has illiterate idiots doesn't mean we should go down that way too. You're making intolerant Muslims your idol if you do the same.
Godse was lone wolf, pragya is given clean chit by supreme court of India....and whoever create violence we condemn them. But do u got guts to condemn radical Islamic terrorism in Kashmir?
Lol first of all, no Muslim anywhere in India is an Indian because they are mostly in love with people like Babar, Ghauri, Aurangzeb etc, no Muslim in Kashmir ever speaks against terrorists there, they are all together in their hatred for Hindus so you are an idiot here not me
Hindutva and Hinduism is one but u dare not criticise Islamic Terrorism neither Christian Evangilism Christian Church Rapism Christianity Peodophiles Christian Nazism Islamic Barbarism Jehadi Islam #ISIS #Muslim_LIVES_MATTER
law is n should b same of all n ppl violating same should b penalised irrespective of case race religion. Do u agree that Islamic terrorism is wrong n should nt b thr.
You do make me laugh (in a good way). Your last 4 words sums it up well. Canada is laid back, the separatists in Quebec are ridiculous, and are pretty racist/bigoted to all religions. Jews and Muslims got together, still do, to battle these idiots.
Yes madam, it teaches that whenever any sadhus are being attacked u should go against them. It teaches that whenever #islamic_terrorism spread and convert the heaven of Kashmir into hell from the blood of pandits , we should kill them to hell.
I just love a good Christian woman who isn’t afraid to tell the world how she feels. It’s important to stand up and open your mouth, be bold, and stand for what is right, good and true. And every person on this earth deserves equal love and respect.
@dankmtl what they tell you is their intention is not their intention.https://t.co/8cmfoOZwxz
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Objecting to this is what the PC zombies at Salon call racism. http://t.co/LXv8FbvfZb
U Arabs don't send money in India for spreading Islamic terrorism in India muslims are in number one in various Criminal acts. Vehicle stealing..child abduction... Girls trafficking.. Fake currency acts. Working as sleeper cells for enemy countries.. Attacking on nurses doctors.
Trump is using Christian groups to brainwash people to support his radical right wing agenda, making them believe is a battle of biblical “good vs evil”
@atahasnain53 sir has faced constant trolling from Pakistanis for the killing of his 'Muslim Brother' in Kashmir. Who is a terrorist. That is the reality of most of Pakistan. When an ideology is driven by jihad than humanity, what flowery friendship do we talk about?
One idiot doesn't speak for the rest of us. We all wish you well and we also hope the idiots caught. This kind of behaviour has no place in our religion. Many a time Sikhs stand by us as Muslims and we're thankful for them
Slightly incorrect. The country attacked the idiots in Delhi of whom all happened to be Muslims. Why highlight it. Just as all terrorists and separatists happen to be Muslims. Why are you on the side of these idiots. Only thing you have in common seems to be religion.
A true Christian does not support a President just because he is Republican. To be branded radical because this editor is not sitting around with a blind eye. This President is immoral and goes against Christian values.
These same brands wouldn’t dare say anything about the millions of Muslims in concentration camps in China because they knew they would lose the market, but literally *all of them* made a statement about this because they knew you drooling idiots would give them free PR.
Sir don't pay attention to such idiots.. it's a ploy to show Hindus hates Muslims like you.. most of these handles are fake Congress IT cell members or isi fake handles.. you were our hero and will remain our hero!! Respect
More than muslim these girls are to be blamed. You try to convince them they reply will be we don't care, hence they go for friendship with idiot looking boys
You Muslim by any chance Shiraz??? And yes that does make a point! Khan is an idiot and has never done what he was paid to do. Instead he meddled in Brexit and spent more time wasted on things that didnt concern him. If you believe in your tween thats just totally made my point!
See again #blind bhakt idiots they cannot see what shahruk khan did salman khan did amir khan did lol #shame on you and your family who is doing #hindu and muslim at this time and sonu sood did he calc and send only hindus not bec he thought for humaity not #hindu and muslim lol
I can't help when u r not getting it...with the rise of radical Islamic terrorism it's better rohingyas snd Bangladeshis are not included in CAA
Using the powers of the presidency to pressure a foreign government to smear a political opponent is what you'd expect from Russia, Iran or China - not the US Do the right thing, Senator. As a Christian woman, tell me is it worth selling your soul for one man's political gain?
You do not know what muslims do or you are liar...who killed the IB officer in delhi...Stop fooling Sir ji...well aware of your drama's and tactics....I know hindus have been selfish idiot's..not paying attention for so long..due to TV media...the real truth has been coming out.
Yeah, I think that you shouldn't have called her an idiot back there but Inshallah she will learn. Even if she doesn't and supports the Saudis for the rest of her life what's important is that she is Muslim.
@CamilleHughes16 @anthfieg1 @_Watch_Observe_ How many times do I have to tell you that most Muslims are extremists. http://t.co/n4sK0jFvmf
But if it was an Akbar you and your ilk would have gone all guns blazing, considering your initial plans to communalise and indulge in Muslim hatred backfired. But then what to expect from the PA of a communal idiot like Varun Gandhi
@BDSSupporter @tummala82 @Clashoftherats @YusufPeaceful @IndyVoices @CUFI Islamolunatics have conducted 21,000 terrorist attacks since 9/11
Humane Behaviour leaving JIHADI without Harms, Injuries>not for NEXT time Can we expect this from Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists Invaders-Predators-Barbarians CONSPIRING Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity &amp; WORLD #Jihad_Jihadi_Mukt_Bharat
@WithTrish @JRehling You can stop the "one Muslim" nonsense. Look at what the Muslims tell the pollsters. http://t.co/wUrZen3W1p
Shkodran Mustafi posting a picture of his family on facebook sending his wishes to all the Muslims because of Eid Mubarak and the idiots commenting why his wife isn't wearing hijab is beyond disrespectful and idiotic. Just say thank you,you're nbody to say what his wife wears ffs
Gorays: Not all Muslims are from Islam you idiot Me:
@gdwessel Question is, why don't the German criminal prosecutors announce an investigation into Islam's incitement to hatred? #Islam
Islamic terrorism..terrorism is only practised by Islam..don't u dare to say this type of things for Hinduism...
#ISIS and other terrorist groups have no legitimacy or authority to declare jihad. They are evil against humanity. We will defeat ISIS.
That Christian woman did the right thing
We fought AGAINST all those things and won. Be careful when making generalizations. Do you believe all 20 yr olds are idiots, all black people are lazy, all Asians are smart, all Mexicans are rapists, all Muslims are terrorists? Generalizations = racism
Make no mistake, you are the ones struggling. Lmao!! Not me! I don’t need proof Obama was a Muslim sympathizer. You do! Idiots!
This is untrue friend. Mr. Assad does not commit the murder. Every rebel group in Syria does though. Remember that he is fighting ISIS, and Al Qaeda, and even the Kurdish groups that people like to support are radical communists who persecute the Christians.
@MaxBlumenthal In the meantime the terrorists who want to destroy Israel have murdered hundreds of thousands and scum like you excuse them.
@LifeInKhilafah You can't even imagine how I think because I cannot imagine how anyone would take such a vile religion as Islam.
When an idiot stomps around my country destroying it in the name of Marxism, I couldn't care less what she is whining about, she's disrespecting my rights. She needs to respect the law. I've been to enough Muslim countries to know what I state. Me no make up story, you make up.
You Idiot, Zakir Naik Is A Joke, I As A Muslim Can Confirm This, He Says That The Prophet Is Prophesied By Name In Solomon 5:16 The Hebrew Text Has NO SUCH NAME. Also He Can't Even Speak Hebrew, The Hindu Texts He Quotes Has No Name Of The Prophet, Ask Any Hindu Scholar.
As a Sane Human person I kindly want to ask you? 1) Is Marrying a 9 year kid girl is humanity by a so called postman of Allah? 2) Is Jihad is a good thing? 3) Polygamy, Halala and Burka in 21st century is right? 4) Pakistan supporting terrorist is right? Ans.
Do you have abilities let them control ...? Or not leave itOne of the great country India. It is democracy country but now the situation ..only hindutwa country.Our prime minister of India Modi .he is very very ugly idiot he said don't have any rights for staying here in muslims
@teddyboylocsin @tweetybird2009 @PatVPeters Mohammed was an imperialist that led 17 major military expeditions. ISIS is imperialist.
@realDonaldTrump Oh yeah, that bible stunt? Lost the Jewish vote, Buddhist vote, Muslim vote, agnostic vote, and likely many Christians, idiot. @GOP all you have left. Proud?
. ISLAMIC TERRORISM DOCTOR on H-1B VISA WANTED to ATTACK U.S. on BEHALF of ISIS Isn't that NICE - How about we END these Visas UNTIL we KNOW who is Coming IN - Chinese, Islamic Terrorists, Whatever ... END IT ! .
@HuffPostRelig What an incredible piece of garbage.  The Muslims crusaded against the Christians 400 years before Christian crusades.
Palestine recently signed a document in #support of #China against Uighurs muslims and cry all over the #World support them against #Israel. You decide what to do ? Either Palestinians are #idiots or #radicals.
Racist? Top 10 richest man in Malaysia are dominated by chinese. 8 chinese men, an indian and only ONE muslim and he’s mamak not malay though. Only in Malaysia, minority group can conquer the economy. No Malays in the list and you still say Malaysia is a racist country? Idiot.
OMG, a YouTube video!?! That exposes the plot by China to do something?!? However did everyone else but this select group of idiot savants miss this? Thank you Q, for shedding light on the great Chinese (or Jewish or Muslim) conspiracy keeping white people down!
Idiot animal! No one is allowed to kill anyone. Be it Muslim or Christian, and I am not supporting anyone. You and your likes are the problem we are facing today in Nigeria. Whoever killed someone is criminal Muslim or Christian, and whoever supported that is also a criminal.
You are correct. It was WON by women FIGHTING for the right to be treated as thinking human beings. The last thing the world needs is another puling 'christian' woman fighting against women's rights
@Kaya786 B. The only reason there are non Muslims on the earth is because the non Muslim armies defeated the Muslims.
Please answer why you think this happens to Muslims, Stop three idiots in the faith who do things that they are hated for, and enjoy peace &amp; love. You'll be accepted everywhere of you live in harmony
@discerningmumin The Muslims conquered 2/3 of the Christian world before it attacked back. So again, what are you crying about.
@Dyonisiis if you're a Muslim may Allah swt give your the punishment asap for make a joke out of Islam.idiot
Stating they must condemn Christian belief and support a radical overthrow of the constitutional republic. No the Democrats have not changed they gave just returned to their extreme roots.
RT @SeanAAitken: The Kurds clean up the ISIS Islamofascist trash in Kobane. Kobane is the graveyard of ISIS. Via @jackshahine http://t.co/N…
Lois, instead of getting into a pissing match with a’good Christian woman’, I’ll just happily block you. If you can’t unveil your mind to accept truth when it’s right in your face, then there’s no hope for you.
I am a good christian woman. I dont do that right now and am not planning it in the future. Yuh ndilunge kakubi yoh.
Muslims voted for formation of pakistan,not bengali hindus you idiot ,muslims were majority
@france7776 Soon they will have to ask their uneducated, moronic Madrassa rats to do surgery.  A butcher knife and a prayer.
Why do you tweet such idiot's comments. You tell us whether it is legal to keep such crackers?. Did tony jose see that whether it is fed or ate by itself. What a Joker he is? NObody said about muslim and all, this issue was created by parasites in this country who were funded.
Also, being muslim isn’t a race, it’s a religion, you actual idiot
olivia told me that “as a christian woman” i HAD to watch fleabag. she was right
“Not all Muslims are from Islam you idiot”
Self delusion coupled with self hatred is not just a liberal Jewish problem. Look at all the White Christians who support Black lives matter, or gays who support radical Muslims, or poor, hardworking Blacks who support illegals. Sad!
Truth One Christian Woman Sent To Isalm To Tell Them Jesus Coming For Judgment and They Ran Now I'm Done Chasing Them They Help Tweet or Not I Have The Same Options Right Now I Answer To Allah Not You Isalm
#HRW please be truthful and respect the name Humanity. What made it violence? This is pure ethnics cleansing, genocide &amp; Islamic jihad ...going on in Nigeria by fulani herdsmen terrorists sponsored by #MBuhari government...#SupportBiafraReferendum !!!!
*Kashtakari Sanghatan* and radical Latin American Christian Movement, *Liberation Theology*, and with *CPIM* whose MLA cannot win without his support, and also with *Sonia Gandhi*, who made him head of TISS, as also a member of the NAC directly under her, and also with
You mean the terrorist attack it’s a good job we don’t blame all the Muslims for those few idiots isn’t it
Disagree with Christians attempting to argue &amp; defend him as a moral agent or worse try to portray him as Christian. Even if someone doesn’t necessarily support him surely Christians or conservatives would find him a far superior alternative to a rabid radical leftists agenda.
Radical RW conspiracy nutjob &amp; alleged “firefighter prophet” Mark Taylor declared that support for That Thing in Our White House will be key in determining who is &amp; is not a true Christian as the End Times arrive.
#PRC has truly massive racism issues , way more than any other country on earth and notably against muslim #Uighurs and #Blacks ...you're an idiot
@ShariaIsJustice Yeap, Islam is for ignorant butts.
YOU are an OSTRICH. She CLEARLY said Muslim voice. Now you keep on denying and white washing it. A MUSLIM is afterall ONLY a Muslim. IDIOT.
@shaunking You're an idiot. I assume you are a muslim/terrorist sympathizer. If Christianity is white supremacy then Islam is terrorism. Idiotic logic.
Honest to god why dont you just place a muslim man's penis into your mouth and have done with it. #patheticcuckold
You idiot he doesn’t say how generals are promoted he is describing a dream and the events that followed he was not summoned by the promotion board to describe the dream and based on that he was promoted you are a self hating PAKISTANi and a coconut Muslim
U guys are sick. Every matter you guys relate to hindutva how can you do this. ISIS follow Islam ans it is a islamic terrorism
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere @isra_jourisra @fei989 And not only did Mohammed burn them, the crucified, stoned and beheaded people.
Trump is the antichrist. The so called evangelicals that support him are as radical as muslim jihadists. Trump and his evangelical supporters look at hispanics the same way radical muslims look at Christians. Like they are sub human. Hatred in the name of god is not Christian.
YOU ARE SO RIGHT. TELL THESE IDIOTS. WE GET SOCIALISM THERE IS NO MORE FREEDOM. NO MORE VOTE. THE ELITEST WANT 1 WORLD GOV. THAT MEANS ALL THESE PEOPLE IN OTHER COUNTRIES LIKE MUSLIMS WILL MAKE OUR LAWS. THEY WILL HAVE ANTIFA AND MUSLIMS POLICE OUR COUNTRY
"Everyone deserves equal rights whether you’re black, white, gay, straight, Muslim, Jewish etc." - My mind re-flashed this &amp; said 'HOLD UP IDIOT! YOU MISSED SOMETHING' So, I pulled it back up. Ever play the game 'ONE OF THESE THINGS IS NOT LIKE THE OTHER?' or 'WHATS MISSING'
You want to see of the Hindu nationalists following Vance and Katie Hopkins, proper bunch of idiots..!
@discerningmumin Islam is an entire religion built on intolerance and jihad. It's time for the world to stop tolerating it.
#HinduphobicComedyIndustry Its not the industries fault its our fault that we tolerate such cheap jokes on our gods,have you seen any Christian or muslim make joke on jesus or allah even muslims are oppoing the movie on prophet Mohammed &amp; we hindus idiots making joke on God.
The trademark of your bokoharam nigerian regime is forgery,certifate forgery,beheading,raping & islamic terrorism,u live in Australia where all is well,typical hopless zoo citizen.
Back when it was legalized, a christian woman who doesnt approve of homosexuality said that it was still a win for America because they SHOULD have the right to decide for themselves, and her religious beliefs should not dictate how another person is allowed to live their lives.
But I really wat to say if u ppl have gutts to make such video on the horror that our Kashmiri Pandits have gone through and how Islamic terrorism has grown in our country by ths peace living community then we will think tht u r real liberal and true desh bhakt.
Yeah any person that is remotely religious has to be scared by the extreme, radical ideas that where supported/endorsed by the Dem candidates during the debate last night. There are ways to support &amp; be tolerant of LGBT views without being intolerant of Christians or Mainstreet.
Looks like people out here are hating on Muslims...so just to be sure I don’t follow some idiot...I am muslim and I am proud of it...do u hate me for that? If u can’t accept me or my religion..pls unfollow and block me..thank you.
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 As tiny as Israel is, the Muslims want it exterminated. http://t.co/YbUDGXOlcO
But ISIS Quran and Noraml Muslim Quran is same. But they say ISIS terrorists are mus!im. And they have their own version of Allah.
Hell yeah! There thousands mentioned and you claimed that hindus do this more than muslims, bloody idiot. Every muslim family butcher a living being in the shame of sacrifice. Calculate the families and you will have the data of the butchered animals on 1 occasion in the world.
Learn something from ur past idiots. Don’t forget Hindustan was ruled by Muslim leaders for hundreds of years after Muslims, British started ruling upon you. And now u are under control of US. Kab tak dosro k tukro py palo gy.
I'm done with these idiots on twitter, lol literally they'll try find anything to spin towards their agenda to try and make you look bad. It seems as if Muslims can not be supportive of one another in good but always have to be one against the other.
Kids Like Brumby can no more run their radical agenda in india so now they do is play victim cards But if you notice they all support one goal of spreading radicalization globally In Israel they target Jews, in Europe they target Christians &amp; in India they target Hindus.
Both fulani jihad's or terrorist and Nigerian army is on d same mission, but i can see d God of vengeance arising with a mighty sword to put an end to all their atrocity against God and humanity
@azmoderate @JoeWSJ You are talking bullshit. The information is clear that the majority of Muslims are not moderate. http://t.co/whdlCI8aXZ
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 There is nothing in the Quran about forbidding child marriages, and Mohammed married Ashia at the age of 6.
This is what you get Minnesota. Just how damn stupid are the idiots that voted this Muslim into office.
Hey pot belly you are real first class idiots who is not in the right position you are speaking about my great country IRAN we will disappear Isreal from map they have occupied Muslim lands
@KhaledHamaki Obviously the driving meme of Islam is world domination, if it be by force, intimidation, or persuasion.
MODI G was right and is right today also, you idiots have voted on the basis of his jumla, HINDU-MUSLIM, pakistan, Kashmir, Ram mandir, etc. Here I want to clear, this is the part of MODI G business and profession, then how anyone betrayed with their profession and business.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Islamic_terrorism_in_India Category:Islamic terrorism in India - Wikipedia This is just india, which show how r@dicl izlamist k!lling india I don't need to tell what r u doing in whole world
It’s an application for getting a ballot. Are you really this dumb or are playing it up for your followers? Be honest. They don’t care if you think they’re idiots. They hate the same people you do - minorities, women, liberals, Muslims, Jews - and that’s all that matters to them.
While you’ve been ignoring us, they’ve stolen SCOTUS seats, filled the benches with fascists and idiots, stolen elections, killed Black people, immigrants, Muslims, and anyone who protests them. They’ve allowed +100k ppl to die from a virus.
@NGPoliceForce your daily jihad crimes against Humanity @IntlCrimCourt in jail your end with bloody Tyrant @MBuhari before poors now igbo billionaire in ethnical cleansing for OIL Igboland @POTUS @SecPompeo stop this Monster and look if finance Jihadists Terrorists Fulani
Listen I liked obama tbh. But you do realize he was also committing drone strikes? Also if you wanna see a modern day Hitler take a look at China’s Xi for a second please. They guy who currently has over 1mil Muslims locked in basic concentration camps...
Ohhh really?? Thts what your Pakistani media tells u?? Kashmiri extremist drove away kashmiri Pandits who are the native of kashmir. They snatched away rights of minorities even today they can't return bcz of islamic terrorism. India is developing Kashmir unlike Pakistan.
@NNdabbour64 It's not what I think. It's what I have already proven to you multiple times.
Do you have any answer , Why bullet fired on you ? Islamic terrorism is reality as soon as u realize as sooner you find answer. Nahi toh USA mai Pakistani doctor arrest hoge, England mai train blast karte miloge Rest of world se ummid n rakho
Racist blacks have shot two police officers and a 5 year old in #Ferguson.
COVID makes you Muslim what a massive idiot....
@muslimanarchist @Tobin_Maker @MaxBlumenthal  No, the murdering Hamaz head choppers torture children in dungeons.
They are not even muslims. They are killing other muslims n nonmuslim to rule over them and dominate them, it isn't jihad. They are terrorist and sinners. In islam Killing a innocent is equal to killing whole humanity.If they had followed islam they had never become the terrorist
@MadDr11 No the Muslims murdered the Jews the traditional Muslim way, with swords, knives, and spears. And they did it for 1400 years.
He didn’t say she was worshipping him. For me I don’t see anything bad in cutting your husband nails, cooking for him and so on. I just think it’s a right of a responsible wife and a Christian woman anyway
nobody speaking about all the muslims that are dying and being in a such a fucked up situation. for years and years and there isnt any changes u fake ass people. only Care about Your nasty money, compete about having the tallets building tf who are you pisses me so much off idiot
@IslamRevlution @islam4libya5 @BintStranger Again, why shouldn't everybody hate Islam?
So in essence, our support for israel should not be unconditional. We should not say support Israel when Israel is supporting radical muslims who are attacking christian minorites in Syria. Christians come first, as christians. As americans, ideally justice should come first.
Sadly, there are still right wingers who still believe it. A young, fundamentalist Christian woman on FB is posting about it daily, telling everyone to challenge the Gov.’s stay at home order, calling the facts bogus &amp; making us gov’t slaves.
As for me I support her though I live in Fl.The judge who dictated her sentence is a true and true liberal democrat who should be ashamed of himself.He has no conscience as 90%of radical communist anti Semitic anti Christian communist anti American democrat are
Because he’s pandering you idiots. He doesn’t even realize you’re Muslims.
@Raja5aab @Quickieleaks Yeah, I read that. And every verse of the Tao Te Ching is superior to every verse of the Quran. So Quran is fraud.
While people of color are still fighting for their rights in 2020, The first caller for Prayer for Muslims, back 14 centuries ago was a black Free Person, Bilel..Educate yourselves people, if you want hatered at least know the facts or you'll look like an idiot!
We go to the past so you can get your image idiots Or rahi baat Muslims key to "bsdk to sun apna DNA test karwa Lena chutiye because the reality is :- Agar tumhari maa-beheno ne muglo k samne apni salwar na utari hoti to aaj tum sab Hindu he hote "
Wow but i think aya sophia was a Christian woman Is that right
Common Gammon? I could be a Muslim and find that offensive you know. But i don't hate her, i just don't like her because she's an idiot and a danger to the Country.
@Kaepernick7 You are a demon of special skills. Did you sell out to the muslims of your GF or the communists. Forget it, same thing. Yeah, America has been so bad to you. Where do you live Colin? How many meals do you miss? You are a liar and a traitor. You are an idiot
@vaseem89 Mohammed, the cancer of murder, hatred, slavery, bigotry, and sexism for mankind.
@AnAnnoyingTweep The Islam is the hate, microbrain. http://t.co/pWXCGc4ChT
What I find odd is that the French Office of the Egyptian Union for Human Rights revealed that Jihadist kidnappers funded by Salafists in Saudi Arabia are paid $10,000 for each Coptic Christian woman in Egypt they abduct &amp; forcibly convert to Islam, yet the world does nothing.
If you asked 150 Islamic terrorist organisation you are islamophobic if you tell ppl tht isis has 1sr kalma of quran on there flag you are islamophobic if you said tht in name of islam kashmiri pandits given 3 optn leve cnvrt or die you r islamophobic.
What are you smoking idiot? Nehru was a Hindu extremist Pandit. He has number of Muslim Massacres in his name. In 48 600,000 kashmiris/Muslims were killed in a week while 1.5 million forced to come to Pakistan. He also killed countless Muslims in Hyderabad https://twitter.com/fawadchaudhry/status/1265497626411249666
Who are islamists? Those who fully follow the teachings of Muhammed found in the Quran and Hadiths and explained in islamic jurisprudence. So, according to islamic sources, ISIS is islamic. Most muslims are not fully following Muhammed- but those who are- are called terrorists.
Even though many of us fight for Christian and patriotic ideas against communism. Unfortunately, many young people are also radical proLGBT, and the media and even universities support this propaganda.
@Dr_Jreid Iran where there is no human freedom and where they murder Kurds, gays, apostates, political opponents.
@Dabiq_Warrior @Totenleserin More like three thousand.  And most of it was done by the Kurdish girls.
I do not support Trump, Trump will cause less damage, it's not that he is "better ". International relations?, tell that to the millions of Muslims murdered during the Iraq War. You are the typical brainwashed Idiot, turn off the tv and try getting a clue
This thread is less of a Hindu culture thread and more or a Muslim vs Hindu thread. Probably run by RSS folks. Why do you entertain these idiot Muslims? Why not spread good messages about Hinduism?
@donnabrazile wow, Donna, really, you claim to be a Christian woman, and you're gonna use Jesus's name in vain? Blasphemy right on National TV, saying our Savior's name to Jesse in a response to a question, you are not a good representation of a godly woman. #VoterIDNow
Who are u? It's not Islamophobia it's a reaction against islamic terrorism that was financially coperated by arabic country all over the world. Other things there are 99.9% terrorist organisation operated by muslims all over the world and there names are on the islam Mohammad and
Hence proved that a muslim won't accept that quran is Anti secular and Islamic terrorism is produced by islam i bet u will also defend the fact of woman being a sex slave in Islam and nothing more
Haha you better lie to somebody else. Ahmadis don’t just accept ghulam Ahmed as a prophet or messiah mo’aoud but they also believe in that idiot who had claimed to be God. You think you can play with Muslims minds by playing this #goraCard?
Idiot do have you read the sript see prepares for foreign news paper where we hindus are abused like we are terrorist and Muslims are simple guys who we abuse and kill.
@zh_ha89 Are you so stupid? Your prophet explicitly stated his sexism. http://t.co/xXfH93tC7x
ISIS terrorists not only understood Quran but believed it in toto. you like them?
@ummayman90 As a percentage there are very few. And they are usually poor women who marry a Muslim man. There is nothing persuasive in Islam
Think why they do jihad kaafir jajia tax for kaafir slaves shirya law. Islamic state because they have problem with christains jews hindus. Why sardar sikh give langer to them bhindrawala ideology in name of humanity. First terrorist of india was sikh 1984 bhindrawala coward
@Hesiod2k11 @MaxBlumenthal @BlueDuPage If they were aligned with neo Nazis, the Muslims would love them.
@StrangerOnFire @Raqqa_Sl It worked out perfectly.  When the Muslims invaded Europe in 8th cent only military defeat stopped them.
Not nearly as many as the muslims....sigh...you idiot.
thank you Scott! PA is so dicey and needs all the help you can provide. SO many people believe in the lies about POTUSs work and stick w/this idiot PA GOV, who is a crazy DEM SOCIALIST MUSLIM.
Just stand in front of the people who passed the resolution and ask them to identify you...a sikh or a muslim? I bet they won't. Who's bothered about resolution by such idiots?
jokes don't make pakistan peaceful country only few of people rules in Pakistan pakistani army and terrorist group don't you know who create Alkayda,Taliban and many of such type groups for killing humanity in world on the name of fake jihad,humanity ka matlab bhi pata hai
LOLOL are you some sort of Rothschild family that you owned and run and build many countries? I think ignorance is on your part for believing any idiot that tell you an incident and you believe it's the country policy to feed Muslim pork LOLOLOL
Hey Arab talk with respect and manners,We support and enjoy friendly relationship with every Muslim country so dont be idiot and fall for Indian propaganda.Use your brain if you have it.
For all you idiots in the replies, Christians are only supposed to kneel to god and only god. Asking a Christian to kneel to anything else would be like asking a Muslim to draw Mohammed. Everyone’s entitled to their own beliefs, good day
Are you IDIOT why you say india is trying to deport indian muslims Bangladesh, pakistani, burma etc muslims who are economic immigrants entered illegally, they are the one will be sent out If you dare take them to your land
@obsurfer84 You claim to be anti religion, yet you spend all your time lying for the benefit of Islam, the religion of hate.
You may come with 1000 of useless stories but i would still say that allah has got nothing to do with ayodhya and babar was an idiot who killed millions of hindus and all muslims living in india and pakistan are converted.
Where was ur empathy for all the Hindus, Buddhists, Jews, Yezedis, Jains, Christians,including Kashmiri Hindus, being killed due to ISLAMIC TERRORISM, hypocritical Hinduphobe?? What u sow, so u reap!!
@_Ibn_Latif @Colonel_Shami ISIS mortared Kobane, killing women and children, so you just called ISIS cowards.  LOL. Idiot!
shut down @ZeeNews and put these idiots behind bars @drharshvardhan but i know you wont do that. you would have issued long statements if they were muslims. @amitmalviya would have been unleashed. It cell would have worked overtime.
@vernsviews The terrorists follow Islam exactly as it is defined in the Quran and the Hadith. There are over 100 Islam terrorist groups.
What are you both on? I didn't even mention the travel ban. This lady said that muslims want to kill us! Just pointing out her incredibly flawed statement. Also, I'm not a democrat you idiot. I'm very centrist.
Exactly the same sentence back to you. Idiot, you started first. British muders tons of Indian but every year India join the Commonwealth Games celebrate to being slaver of them. So massacre is the way to win respect in India?Now understand situation of Sikh, Muslim and female
No one with any real common sense!! You would support BO a radical racist anti-cop, anti-2nd Amendment, anti-Christian, pro CAIR, Muslim Bro’s, and the vile-vindictive Hildabeast! Now the bumbling lying fool Biden!
@abunaseeha2 @AnsarulShareeah Yeah, this is bad. They should take ISIS example, put them in a cage and torch them all.
Difference is no one who is Christian follows that through in the Bible can you say the same about Muslims no you fucking can't they slay anyone that gets in their way IDIOTS
“out of many one”, wish current admin believed it instead of divide us into red/blue As a Christian woman do you believe that your God’s blessings stop at the borders or God given rights given to all his children. What you do to the least you do for me. You are not a globalist?
If you think #Modi unknowingly didn't mention #Eid in the list of upcoming festivals, then you are a fool nd idiot. It was deliberately done so that people argue over it and the Hindu-Muslim debate gets a return ticket. Vaise b Bihar election hai, ye to krna padega.
I wanna see him send a message to his own country Pakistan were Christian women have no right their &amp; all women are disrespected too !!! Oh BTW do you know what happen to that Christian woman whom wrongly been accused of shredding a page of Quran ???
A very dark place I'm afraid, a place where anyone that has reservations about safeguarding becomes a white woman but not any white woman, a far right Christian woman who also managed to be a paragons of white feminism.
Sure, when one you idiots do something stupid, it’s A) he’s not a a true Muslim or B) he’s not a real Muslim C) false flag by the Zionist aggressors or D) he is a muslim but he’s sick in the head
you idiot, I asked you to show me 1000 years of Muslim ruling India, except of only "Akbar the fackbar" (of Mughal) show me remaining of 1000 years of INDIA. Don't show me here and there.
@GarrettaBrown85 @5Candrew Why do people even talk about white privilege when the majority of food stamp recipients are white people!!
She is clearly not a Muslim based on the way she behaves not her appearance. I am not convinced. The members of the clan that you are talking about aren't Muslims but librals that weren't even raised as Muslims! However, they use (so-called) Muslim idiots (useful idiots).
That what is called religious violence and you and really an iniquity there are Muslims very kind and merciful and treating ppl as compassionately &amp; even Christians and atheists too don't be idiot bruh.
sambit was not making fun of dead person but was proving that Pulitzer winners don't want portray this side of islamic terrorism. Common u r better than that .
So you are saying only muslims do this? Ask yourself how did they do the meat you eat? It just showed up magicaly 123 "meat". No idiot you have to slaughter the animal that's why there is blood on the floor incase you dont know. You are asking something obvious.
Same in U.K. BBC Panorama: The REAL problem is far right Neo-Nazis UK Islamic Terrorism (Deaths) 7/7 London (52) Woolwich (1) Westminster Bridge (4) Manchester Arena (22) London Bridge (11) London Bridge (2) Reading (3) 40,000 on a watch list, 15 attacks thwarted since 2017
Another radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in the U.S.
Chalips who also ravaged killed raped prophet mohamud's family membrs including kids women and imam Husain..... ISIS and other terrorist inhuman organization are inspired by these greedy caliphs who changed Islam and Quran for political benefits of caliph
come on brother, you don't have to praise that idiot who has wronged maharashtra in so many ways during the pandemic. Can you tell me how the present government is targeting muslims? dont say CAA... it has got nothing to do with indian mulims. Can you give me any solid proof?
/u/bitusher: The solution is less regulation , smarter regulation that remains, capitalism, stop supporting Islamic terrorism and theocratic governments, and to reduce the power of re
Exactly here you come..you are never secular..you wanted to islamise india in the name of pseudo secularism..why are you asking for muslim law idiot.duffer ..uniform civil code is not meant for just Hindus..it implies for across religions in india .
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Radical Islam on the rise in Indonesia. http://t.co/m1AUGT6RY3
@SurleenKaur27 Abuse and humiliate Hindu Dharm is not your time pass happiness. Sikhs today competing with Muslim and Catholic to abuse Hindu. Idiot Hindus still don't now true face of you people. Please openly declare that you love Muslim and hate Hindus. Regards
#Jihad in the name of #Islam is the only reason which forces some targeted followers of #Islam into #terrorists to spread #Terrorism. The good &amp; responsible people from the entire community irrespective of #religion should stand against these #enemies of #mankind and #humanity.
Humanity is everywhere sister. In every human being. Until this terrorist spoil it in the name of your God and jihad.
you also said lots of wrong things while generalizing all hindus, please refrain from doing that if some hindu idiots is generalizing all muslims. Reply with stating that all religions have extremists and they do not represent all people of that religious groups
"democracy gives you choices". yes, of course. in india it's giving us muslims plenty of choices. choices on how to die. you call that freedom? give restricted choices and then call it the miracle of democracy? idiots.
Your sense of moral superiority would be laughable if not so damaging to our children. Do you even know you are as much of a racist as some idiot who speaks against blacks or Indians or muslims? That's not hate, it is the plain truth, something you may not recognize.
@ILTAFSHEHZAD And 83:25 says they drink wine in heaven. So Islamic heaven is basically a drunken whore house. Very spiritual - lol.
@watan71969 @geeky_zekey Problem with vile Muslims is that they try to rationalize &amp; excuse the crimes of Islam rather than get rid of them.
@ShamiAnalyst They can't read, write, do math, or produce anything. But they can kill people, so they are good Muslims. #Islam
As expected, when the terrorist group Hamas won the election in Gaza it was the usual one man, one vote, one time, Islamist election. #Islam
I think Palestinian Christians failed to protect the holy land by allying with radical Muslims. In the end they would mock you for being a Christian. I guess they are forced to support these radicals Muslims because of fear.
You realise that this is literally the same argument as when idiots say that you can't be racist to Muslims because Islam isn't a race? In both cases it's facile, and is designed to allow racism to continue. You should be ashamed.
I’m sorry, have you read your bio? And you’re calling ME and idiot? And just curious, have you ever sent some insulting meme of Muslims? Yeah, didn’t think so, coward. Stay in your house forever, it’s where you belong.
@ummayman90 Yes, might, power, and imperialism is what it is all about.  There is zero spirituality in it.  Soon the world will understand.
You must be an idiot @IlhanMN is a prosperous muslim, somali woman
@Alfonso_AraujoG @ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam Self genociadal, self serving liars.
Shouldn't be the case but egotistical people exist and some idiots who think every muslim is the same. And if you don't think like that then good
BLACK SKINS ONLY RACIST POS! U ILLITERATE RICH SLAVE MASTERS OF STUPID AF USA, THE @COWBOYS KILLED @Redskins &amp; THE NORTH KILLED THE BLACKS DURING CIVIL WAR! SO YOU GOD-Damned (damned by God) IDIOTS, U JUST TOOK DOWN THE WRONG FLAG &amp; TEAMS! DUMBA** @TheDemocrats Muslim terrorist!
If you want to do something for humanity then gather ur people and rewrite Quran.. Remove word kafir &amp; jihad.. Mention that all people are equal &amp; respect othr religions Stop converting people &amp; stop terrorist activities in the name of allah.. World will accept u guys happily
There are ISIS, Boko Haram, Al-Qaeda, Al-Shabab, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Union, Jamaat al Dawa al Quran, and a 100 more designated Islamist terrorist organizations, but you are blind
You are an idiot, sannan its a choice, sannan a muslim lady liked the tweet .
That's sick of you to generalise bro. It's like saying that ISIS represents all Muslims. But it doesn't does it. A few idiots are always there and I hate them for laughing at other's pain(even if they're Indians). You can't hate a nation for actions of few (500 of 1.3 billion?)
Clown idiot , believes that 10,000 years of history should be overturned in the blink of an eye. Never sought justice for girls raped by muslim grooming gangs, or kids beheaded by crazy asylum seekers. When you have nothing to lose, ...........
You'd think the murder of of a Muslim sister in cold blood would make people closer and more united against racists and bigots. But no you have idiots who after finding out she's Shia taking back donations. Shame on you.
It’s nice to see a strong Christian woman take charge and do the right thing!
Pray for the European Refugee Highway Partnership (RHP) Roundtable meeting that begins today in Sweden. “Radical Hospitality” is this year’s theme. RHP helps Christians across Europe support and reach out to the hundreds of thousands of refugees and displaced people in Europe.
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets Thanks for admitting that you are murderers. And check your map. http://t.co/TheArY220E
RT @dsyndergaard: Israeli spat upon, beaten by Muslims singing anti-Semitic songs in Berlin http://t.co/ursJ1GdnuK
John I've read many cases just like yours I'm glad your family are here in G B safe & Sound I Know that Christians have a hard time where you are from I hope you all settle here &amp; be Happy Problem is there are Idiots that can't see the differance between Christians &amp; Muslims https://twitter.com/John_Arash2345/status/1261583733582266368
Some pseudo Kashmiris shown their respect for ISJK terrorists, who were gunned down in an operation by security forces today in #Anantnag. Not tough to understand that, how they are shaming humanity on the name of jihad. #ISISInIndia @MajorPoonia @amritabhinder #ISIS
Really is it r u standing against the islamic terrorism #Hijbul #ISIS etc etc I thought u forgot to mention
Bro, they won't understand you, the average Nigerian will think you are speaking in tongues. What matters for them is; where is he from? Is a muslim or christian? North or south? Does he support APC or PDP?. We need help and radical mentality makeover.
At least majority of us know the guy behind this a/c, London salafi! Tbh, you need to fear Allah and get a life! And the state of Muslims! *Sighs* In less than a month, check how many idiots he's accumulated as followers!
@dankmtl Load of BS. Their numbers fell steadily since then. And you're still too stupid to see that doesn't change ratios.
@ummayman90 The only reason the overall numbers increase is because Muslims breed like rats, just like their prophet told them to do. #Islam
@Hande_Ozsoy @Arab_News Forcing others to accept the barbarity of Islam is actual obligation. http://t.co/D3Ib1AqWrB
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Wrong. Mohammed was a liar, rapist, murderer, slave trader, caravan robber, sexist,biggot
Computer in one hand + Quran in other hand = Placement in ISIS as Islamic Terror Executive (Jihadi Terrorist) package includes 72 virgins post death and other perks
Context, golem, context! My tweet was directed to Commie Muslim men online. Since you're too stupid to figure out that you were duped into believing some idiot deflecting, and ultimately proving my point, you need to practice your reading and writing skills; e.g., subtext.
Muslims don't have rights to Marry a Christian Woman
What this means is that regardless of the misogyny observed in Scripture, God loves you as a woman even when the Bible makes it seem otherwise. I reiterate that as a Christian woman, you have every right to debate, question and eventually ignore problematic verses.
i'm a historian that mean i fact check what i say - i research - i don't just share fuckery that other fascists idiots share why don't you blame Muslims for the CCCP? in 1917 around 9% of the Russian population was Muslim Jews made up around 3.5% check if you even know how
Its because of ppl like you muslims could never introspect, and mend their ways. Its ppl like you, self-loathing &amp;useful idiots that we remained under foreign invaders' yoke for a millenia. You might be owning your career to some muslim, tu jhuk ja!
You're not a Hindu nor an Indian. Hindus are sometimes communal, just as much as Muslims. Certaim groups of Hindus are just as violent. You paid whiteys work for money and to gain support for white supremacy from the idiots. And diversity is not respected by the 'Ram' army.
You know some idiot will take this seriously, and decide there's a Muslim conspiracy, don't you?! The real pandemic is idiocy.
i think the one who stole the black stone from kaabah and put it on graves of ottomon sultans is the one who have kufr, so you steal the black stone and leave the kaabah to the people who you think they are kuffar?! what an idiot argument and alhamdulilah we're muslims.
Real Muslim. It is clearly written on Quran that jihad means war against enemy of humanity &amp; follower of terrorists. Don't get misguided
They are bloody insecure in a Muslim majority nation. WTF! A stone is God only if you believe it.. when you believe there's no other God except yours why do the statues matter to you? Such an insecure idiots.
Maybe for YOU, but I've had more than one foamer absolutely BELLOW at me on FB or Twitter that the Christian god isn't the Muslim god. Idiots, every last one of them.
Why you only mentioned islamic terrorism?any sort of terrorism should be wiped out along with u morn who usually are ready to spray petrol over every issue..
The problem is not being non vegetarian. The problem is you selectively targeting a particular religion and become spine less when Muslim religion is involved. You are an Idiot and a hypocrite organisation.
@NNdabbour64 Every child that is brainwashed and never given a choice is force.
Mate..can u please explain me , what is Jihad? n why Terrorist used it? Literally what I feel..it's against the Humanity.
@GovMikeDeWine This is what we get for you kissing butt with all the Muslims and Democrats you idiot and making everyone stir crazy from this ridiculous, unnecessary lockdown and listening to than idiot Amy Acton.
@dankmtl No, microbrain, I'm okay with Israel doing what they have to do to stop the same extermination the Muslims have done for 1400 yrs.
I dont need your fake Christian woman health and legal rights dismissing condescending misogynist ass to do shit for me, son. Jesus doesn't know you. You merely pontificate in the abstract about womens health, quality of life, finances, education and support net assessments and
You talk about Muslim voice, not Indian voice &amp; then justify that your fight is for equality. You think everyone is an idiot not to see through your farce? Did you ever raise your voice on atrocities on Hindu minorities in Pakistan? Hypocracy thy name is....
"A Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case, party officials say." https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/01/pakistani-activists-sentenced-blasphemy-protests-200117092607998.html
Never said I was a Muslim Idiot , you made that up. Just like religious right and made up head scares from the Quran. Wow go run , run little kid. You can’t even admit it’s not in the Quran. You don’t even know your own religion.
That's ok. Let's assume Quran tells all peace and nothing about Kafirs, Idolatry, Jihad, Taqiya, Ghazwa, Halala etc But question remains that why shouldn't I trust most wanted terrorists, ISIS, LeT, AlQaeda etc who are following and showcasing Quran more religiously than you do?
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 ISIS wants to control the world because Mohammed wanted to control it.
@JosephIsVegan @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch And that doesn't count common crime in Muslim states.
@hal2012 @GerardGeorges4 @PentagonPresSec But certainly exterminate all terrorist and jihadi groups.
Say that how much u want bcoz you are getting chance to play your religious cacophony. Mine got mute. Muslims are not blind or idiots. Muslims will not remain an underdog forever. Apna time bhi aayega. #Azaan #Loudspeaker
"Muslim Brotherhood TV Host: ‘If You Find Men Engaged in a Homosexual Act — Kill the Active One as Well as the Passive One’" IMO, idiot LGBTQers should move to an Islamic county and see how they like it!
PIGISTANI r crying ? #WorthlessPakistan brainless can be happy on situation of science missions, space is future of humanity but still stoneage illetrate terrorist nations teaching their kids how to do jihad sucide to reach moon by virgin hurs #WorthlessPakistan #ProudOfISRO
She is a Christian woman who interestingly is a women's rights activist. She deserves to exercise her right to exclaim the name of Jesus whenever and wherever she wants without being lablled an islamophobe.
RT @Ratillathehun: @1959greenarrow @ProudPatriot101 @george3612 There angry over cartoons but not beheadings, people being burnt alive, or …
What are you talking about you idiot, I work with Polish and loads of non uk people. I'm a friend to all until your a cunt. My BF is a muslim. :) No one can throw the race card at me as most of my mates are non British!
Idiots Have you ever heard Jai Shri Ram in a kawwali or any other Muslim religious gathering or as a matter of fact any other religious gatherings of other religions then why this Idiocracy
@MaxBlumenthal That tiny group is dripping cluelessness all over the floor.  "Oh please love me for my brainwashed anti-Semitism!"
OR - Christian women - Women (of any race or culture) that disagree with any of their radical ideologies - Women with any conservative values - Women that simply support Trump etc.. Other than that they are "pro-Women" - Sick joke!!
Oh Yes, because you went and checked and found the information to be correct... hence running away like a pariah dog.... Ha ha ha I don't hate idol worshippers, my best friends are idol worshippers, my problem is with idiots like you, who think Muslims hate Hindus, when we don't
In Saudi Arabia and most Muslim countries you legally are not allowed to believe in Christianity or build a church. This is true oppression, not a couple of drunk edl idiots smashing windows.
Yes. U go and do research on Ur own shit. We are not interested. Do ping incase uve learnt enough to condemn Islamic terrorism and Jamaatis. Till then fo
Do u know why Islamic Terrorism has been festering in #Kashmir for decades? Because @INCIndia is behind it. Here's proof Jihadi Masrat Zahra charged by @JmuKmrPolice own Muslim Police Officer @Tahir_A But guess who is angry about it?Our families are not safe from #SoniaMaino
@SamihNewsam @MaxBlumenthal Both the Muslim men and their religious texts abuse women. http://t.co/KFlYgPtbQB
Actually I was referring more to people like Mike Pence. Social conservatives, not conservatives in general. Trump isn't a So-Con. Radical Christian Extremists who support big government, war and oppression.
@OdiniaInvictus @SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime Judaism doesn't want to take over the world, like Islam.
@greenlinerzjm Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago and denying it is simply a lie.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And west killed the guy who killed the 6 million Jews. In Muslim world, Hitler was hero.
That majority of people who followed and believed the messengers were upon misguidance. You have to be an absolutely idiot to suggest that. Thirdly there are 8 billion + people on earth, only 1.8 billions are Muslim, so majority still rejects the Message. There goes your logic
All of this is also getting away from the original point, that believing in ANY God regardless of religion doesn't make you some braindead idiot that has no independent thought or beliefs. Muslims existing doesn't affect me, you existing doesn't affect me, why can't we exist.
@rico_hands @NAInfidels @semzyxx @owais00 Who cares.  Jews don't marry children.  Muslims do.  All the time.
Only very few neutrals could use both the term 'ram atrocities' and 'islamic terrorism' publicly.. even u won't spell the latter.
This idiot is NOT the leader of Islam that is complete BS. He spews hate and racism that’s completely against the beliefs of Islam!!! Muslims have to respect everyone despite their race or religion! He has no power when it comes to Islam despite what he wants you to think!
@wflanger @dandiedinmont @Number10gov Yeah, break relations with the only ME democracy that the Muslims are trying to exterminate. Smart.
You challenged. Islam is not religion of challenges thrown at whims and fancies. But if i have to really argue with an idiot like you, i need some acknowledgement and apologies on his Takfir upon other Muslims.
@dlsaudiarabian Yes, it's a violation of Islam because Islam demands that he be beheaded rather than burned.
This idiot said Muslims colonised Luton. At this point you need to just stop talking.
you’re an idiot. you’re minimizing the movement by bringing up such unnecessary context . disgusting. innocent lives will always matter. don’t care if that person was a shia muslim, sunni Muslim, ahmadi. whatever y’all wanna say.
I want to wait the right moment so that God might find me a good Christian woman.
There are 100’s of thousands of jobs creating wealth for all who work in these industries you idiot. Their individual wealth is shared here...in the US. I sure dont want them to reside in Muslim countries for those Terrorist regimes’. #IslamKills #removeilhan
I don't support radical Muslims or Christians either . To kill Infidels because we don't worship Allah is crazy, and I don't care what the Koran says. Radical Christians screaming about Jesus and converting are scary too ! We all have a choice on who or what to believe.
@BDSSupporter No, the Muslim states are the most murderous terrorist states on earth. It's not even close.
@OdiniaInvictus @SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime The difference between Judism and Islam is no foundation in Jihad in Judaism.
@MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 @buttercupashby Furthermore, telling people that they should be tolerant of a wholly intolerant religion is idiotic.
Right. We need a fake female profile. A photo of a young Olivia Newton John oughta do it. "Nubile, God-loving Christian woman seeks silver haired Army type for bible-reading evenings by the log fire."
I won't be surprised if someday he whitewashes islamic terrorism with Abdul Kalam ji. Since this is how ur earn ur bread n butter.. there is no point in saying u anything.
@NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal @Number10gov With Muslims attacking European Jews and grooming European children, get rid of them.
Well put it like this, when I was going every Sunday. My heart mind and body was religious. I met a “Christian” woman. She told me she had sex with the pastor. So just can’t get my mind right going back. Take your time.
Pope Francis says that he is “very pained” over the decision by Turkey to change the Hagia Sophia — which was built as a Christian Cathedral in 535 AD to a mosque #BoycottTurkey don’t support their Radical Islam and terrorism @Pontifex #HagiaSophia
Because one of you idiots said Obama was a Muslim supporter so I assumed it mattered.
You throw that out there but what you failed to understand is that she is standing up for her rights and her and religion. I don’t remember any Christian woman saying she was going to kill any infidels....I guess I missed that at the last meeting.
Use of Quranic words by the terrorists doesn't mean they are doing jihad, they are enemies of Humanity. #Mali
@AAlwuhaib1977 It's not Israelis that are constantly murdering Christians &amp; Hindus for blasphemy in Pakistan, it's Genocidal Muslim mobs.
She is intellectual terrorists and world suffers from Islamic Jihadi terrorists. What voices Jihad Terrorism Rapes Murder And many more.. I ask one thing Is any humanity written on your book? Covid will be cured by Vaccine but no vaccine for this disease. @KapilMishra_IND
#StandwithSajid Indian muslims are supporting every anti nationals and they think we are idiots you gonna suffer your karma
Christian Woman, actually, who believes in Gods teachings, “he who is sin free may cast the first stone.” I don’t judge people for what they have done. I don’t judge people in general. No one should because we don’t have a right. I’m not justifying anything he dose.
You are right But no hindu kills any other human thinking they will get 72 hoor in jannat Kisi dusre par corona ka thook kar toh nahe bhagte na You have only one Allah still he didn't taught you humanity Jihad ke Naam par Duniya meh randappa kar rakha hai terrorist ne
Hindutva is not fascist, Hindutva is peace of mind. Your fucking Islam is cause of terror. Every terrorists take oath of Quran for kill's the innocent non Muslim people.. This is reality of your Islam. #isis #Taliban and so many Islamic terrorists are out there.
@ImranKhanPTI idiot what happened to the human rights of these people. You have no humanity for non Muslims.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Islam is the most decisive, hatefilled, backward thing that has ever happened to mankind.
Isis follows the quran and sharia and accoring to the isis they want to create a caliphate which was ordered by your prophet and i sometimes wonder why all the terrorist groups are islamic in nature? Is it a coincidence or is it your ignorance?
But Kayleigh is a good Christian woman, right? You can tell by her good "Christian Identity" stance on President Obama.
Muslim run Minneapolis... have fun with sharia law you idiots.
We have to give tribute to our beloved soldiers like this only because we dont have terrorist who are offered prayers for their pittyfull service of destroying humanity in the name of jihad.
What kind of idiot must be a #Muslim burning other Muslims house?! These guys r crazy and should die in prison! #MuslimsConnect #MuslimTwitter #MuslimGenocide #muslims_are_terrorist #MuslimahNews #muslims4peace can you tell your #BokoHaram #Fulani #MuslimBrotherhood stop killing
@PatVPeters Obama refuses to recognize that there is no difference between the behavior of the prophet Mohammed and ISIS.
Now said to muslims, they are a terrorists. idiot fellows,. non sence, stupid,. if you said to muslims are terrorists
Can you imagine if this was a movie, where a great King passes away &amp; the person who takes over the throne, captures land from his beloved daughter, sends men to her house, threatens to burn it. Any idiot will figure out whats happening, yet supposedly they were the best friends
I’m a Christian and believe that Jesus, as a radical advocate for social change, love and acceptance, would not support the current divisive, capitalist system we live under. God loves all of us and wants us to help each other, a sentiment exemplified by the leftist tradition.
Okay firstly Quran is written in Arabic which is clearly not your first lang. Anything can be written incorrectly and you wouldn't know, now MY religion does not support lgbt community yes but it doesn't teach us to be terrorists. ISIS are not Muslims they're basically pretending
Wow IT cell, such a bunch of idiots atlest should have given different pic to @aatifakhan20 and @NidaAnsary ..@ansarilashi ,,,@BeingReshmaBjp IT cell sends same tweet on whats up to these fake ID to provoke Muslims just by having Muslim ID you don't become one&amp;none gets provoked
Thank you to the other comment which mentions the IRA who have committed numerous bombings i'm not sure why that's a 'mad leftist idiots' thing to do since it is a valid evidence that acts of terror are not a muslim only problem but here are some of the many others -
Why are you tweeting in Urdu for Eid and not in Bengali? You're the Governor of Bengal, not UP. Bengali Muslims speak in Bangla and not Urdu! #Idiot
U calling it Islamophobia does not make islamic terrorism halal. I shud not believe govt and media. Ok. I believe in myself and say that it is islamic terrorism in Kashmiri. Happy? U ppl r well versed in playing victim while being the terrorists.
You can be a Zionist and pro-Israel without being anti-Muslim, anti-Arab, a xenophobe or an idiot.
Brother you are saying exactly right. We have to expose these idiots who are ruling us. His father Bhutto created the gulf between both sides just to be ruler of both sides and India got the benefit to use the opportunity. We respect and love our Muslim brothers.
you must be an idiot just say Sarpanch killed !! so far 28 Panch,Sarpanch killed in valley only 1 is hindu remaining all are muslims so this is the political killing &amp; dont try it paint it else to please your masters.
@WalidShoebat Most Muslims instinctively understand that Islam cannot survive in light of day and must be protected by blasphemy laws #Islam
Haha he's one of those radical Christian pastors that support Trump
Trying to get ready for this Christian Woman autumn thing. Am I doing it right?
In my view, the meaning of terrorist is clear. Terrorism is born out of a 'jihadi' mentality. In any case, killing idolaters and infidels and taking the honor of martyr and Ghazi is terrorism. Do BJP leaders cut heads like ISIS? Do you know more Quran than ISIS?
https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/14323/persecution-of-christians-march-2019 On March 23, right after "beating, raping and killing a 19-year-old Christian woman," Muslims attacked two predominantly Christian villages, and burned down 28 Christian homes and two churches.
@CamilleHughes16 @edbarber101658 @_Watch_Observe_ Then export all the non citizen Imams. Put cameras in the remaining Mosques.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime The Jews initially all lived in Muslim lands.  The vast majority now live in Christian lands.
2/2 Modi is an outright idiot and i have ZERO respect for his abilities or policy making. You know next to nothing about Muslims in India.we are not perfect but if religious minorities were treated so horribly there wouldnt be 200 mil Muslims and 50 mil Christians living here
RT @usaone0: @AmyMek Proper Grammer :Islam phobia is not a medical condition it is truth.
And what did Obama do about Saudi Arabia for EIGHT YEARS? This goes back to FDR, a Democrat. You idiots act like history began in January 2017. If Trump had broken ties the headline would have been "Trump breaks ties with most important Muslim ally in Middle East.
I live in #HongKong and support the overall aims of the protests, BUT what your retweeting is not exactly true: The radical elements of the protest (contrasting the peaceful HK Christians) closed down MTR stations, forcing hundreds of airport passengers to WALK hrs to get home.
@lIlIlllIlIllI Yeah, they could use camels for transport, abuse and rape women, own slaves, grovel to a terrorist god, pay Jizya, what fun.
Hey idiot, do your research. I live in America! church and state are separate. Also, I’m not even Muslim anymore. Don’t worry bro, it’s 2020. While people are nice they’re not going to kick you out for not being Christian. Lol
The level of denial on you is way past the point of rationality!!! It MAY have been Irans money, but we had it and the Taliban loving Kenyan Muslim released it to his butt-buddy and it costs us American lives... Too bad it wasn't 1 particular useful idiot from San Deigo!!!!
These idiot feminists have no idea of how much the green/red alliance intends to victimize and control women when they take power. And if you don't know what that is it's the Muslim/Marxist alliance!
How is that going to make the people poor and the Chinese able to take over. This is what happens when you try to educate an idiot. Nevermind, MTtrack that's right mate, the Chinese want to take your jobs and give it to Muslims. Idiot
Sir as you can see how thz idiot spreading hatred in our society by posting such inappropriate post against Muslims &amp; our beloved prophet in his FB account, which is quite disturbing and also disturb the peace of our country. We urge u to plz take stern action against thz culprit
adflskdjflskdflkjdf my mom really talking shit about her neighbor bc the lady aint park right. she's like "she's a christian woman but look at the way she's parked.. says a lot about her as a christian woman" LIKE WHAT LMAO
No actually I’m not a kaffir I’m a Sunni Muslim. Either way you’re both idiots and it’s a sin to say someone isn’t Muslim loool
@PTISalarKhan Try sending the Bible to some Muslim lunatics.  Saudi won't even allow it in the country. More religious freedom in Israel.
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 ISIS makes women cover and locks them up because that is what Mohammed did.
Fellow Christians who are pro Trump - why is your hypocrisy hiding behind him? You support riots, looting by ignoring the reasons behind them. US needs a radical political change. No more @GOP and @DNC but a unified party to fight for ALL of us, not only for the 1% rich!
Astonishing that you and the @.@ACLobby continue to vilify #LGBTQIA for no reason, other than being motivated by radical ideology. And yet, many Christian orgs support people in the community. What does THAT say about your ideals? #ReligiousFreedom #religionisnothate
Because it's a dumb question. You Russia Russia fools think Taliban needed a reason to kill illegally invading infidels. Ever watch the Battle of Algiers. If Russia invaded America would we need to be tempted to kill Russians.? Keep selling the fear &amp; killing more Muslims idiot
wHaT diD hE dO. hE mUsT hAvE dOnE sOmEtHiNg Nothing you idiots. This has been happening to Ahmadis for decades. The blasphemy laws are used to justify arrests. All you have to be doing is "acting Muslim" Here is an explanation:
Last time I checked it was your combover in chief who was spreading hate and division... Go hide behind you’re so called Christian faith. You’re no better than a Muslim radical. Real Christians don’t act like you and would never support someone like #45
I don't see why a muslim and a christian couldnt talk about god, yes there are different books, but its the same god. I don't support such radical religious viewpoints. Do as you please but don't teach it your children.
WTF?? See this is EXACTLY WHAT I MEAN...I TWEETED 2 YRS AGO ON HERE...PRESIDENT EVERYONE. STILL! DIDNT FN LISTEN. YOU IDIOT'S THOSE ARE OUR F 35S OUR TECH..YOU DONT BUILD THEM IN A FN MUSLIM COUNTRY..THATS AN ENEMY... TURKEY WILL GIVE ALL OF OUR TECH TO PUTIN...INSANITY!!!
It’s crazy how you guys who don’t support his impeachment are “radical Christians” who are hypocritical and have no idea what Christianity is!! Shame on you lot
Under Obama nothing happened for the United States, he went to Muslim countries and read out of the Quran and gave them money that he says was theirs, but it wasn't because they're terrorists. He strengthened the isis and other terrorist organizations while in office.
U are promoting redical Islamic terrorism
Young Turks are growing up as atheists. I seem to be a Muslim, but I have nothing to do with religion. There are millions like me in Turkey. You are idiots and ignorant. You have no idea about my country. I'm atheist and I support Erdoğan! This is not a strange situation.
Its a sad state the church is in. Promoting sexual immorality, murder of babies, and terrorist rights over American citizens. I gave Trump prophecies to 85 year old born again Christian woman who gave it back without reading it as she doesn't feel God works that way today. Sad
Never been to Nagpur !! Per Duniya Ghum lee hai Maine , and Believe me saare Sansaar ke ek hi problem hai aur wo hai Islamic Terrorism , don’t take it personally, it’s not for u Man
Deplorable is too nice a word for you GABI and I bet you are a bible thumping Christian woman too right? Bless your heart . Khary we got your back bro
You spoke of some Akshay and all the replies are speaking of Muslims? Why does talking about one Hindu TRIGGER idiots to EQUATE and GENERALISE this one Hindu to ALL MUSLIMS? Peak inferiority complex
Wow retweeting a radical extremist,antisemite who call Jews and Hindus pig and want eradicate them you should self reflect and have some shame.. by the way i dont support modi and I am a Christian
President India's people also love u very much. Stay strong against islamic terrorism
I’m so glad you posted this video of trump standing up for gays globally. It got tossed aside by the liberal media. I am a white Christian woman of age, far right and I’m proud of my President who governs and protects equally for all American citizens.
Our Islam doesn't teach us to hate anyone on the name of religion. Then why you are behaving like this. Be a good muslim follow our beloved prophet Muhammad (PUBH) Sunnah. Don't behave like an idiot. If they hate us we have to love them in return this is our prophet's character
10/14 their military bunks. Now, Natives & Vets fall to you, Don. And yours is far greater onus simply because you’ve shown the audacity of balls to do shit people disagree with. I’m still 100% for banning Muslims (with the hope all the other idiot religions will follow—and
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Now try to get an education before you repeat the lies and stupidity you get from your Imam.
Also Rohingya refugees Mushlim Destroy Hindu community in Myanmar . Now they staying at India with help of India Jihad Muslim. Bangladesh Refugees staying india .and killing people .even In recently Terrorist Afganistan killed 21 Sikh family. So where r ur humanity
Same to That Muslim girls who wear some of wear some of not their choice I don't understand you idiots problem if someone naked walking on Street you people have no problem but if someone wear headscarf then you have problems and wear headscarf Is also European culture you forgot
ISIS and other #terrorist groups have no legitimacy or authority to declare #jihad. They are #evil against humanity. We will defeat ISIS.
Then why did god ram left godess sita? Why he didn't believe her? Why she was made to go through Agni Pariksha? You Idiots have some burnol, because you can't digest the fact that Taj mahal was built by a Muslim Emperor.
@PsychBarakat @PhilipMills8 @jncatron Arabs and Muslims against the Jews. https://t.co/8cmfoOZwxz
This the new generation of Pakistan and their living standard !! But the muftis, Islamic scholars in Pakistan declare jihad in Afghanistan... Pak has two faces in every field, in Islam , democracy, good and bad talibans (terrorists).. Pakistan should stop playing with humanity
#Rascist. I particularly like all the banking adverts with #Muslims. Basically "You idiots pay interest so I dont have to"
RT @Wet_Napkin: Bigotry towards non- Muslim populations, along with religious cleansing, is as old as Islam itself.
Listen swine, Ramzan means doing fast, you idiot!! Ramzan is not taking out procession by gathering thousands people!! Muslims didn't even perform Eid namaz! Use your tiny little sense at least if you have!!!!
@ZorazZora @zackbeauchamp Furthermore many Muslim countries don't even have a record system to account for all murders.
@BilalIGhumman @98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 Like I said,that is a stupid comment that seeks to hide the vileness of  Islam
Thank you Obama for allowing the Muslim brotherhood and their funding to put an idiot into Congress what's been done can be undone and will be undone
RT @IAMMGraham: I've been called an Islamophobe for saying Islam needs a theological reformation. Now the head of Egypt agrees: http://t.co…
Who supported Urdu, Idiot? Can you prove it? I don't even speak Urdu. Come out of sakha. Not all Muslims speak Tamil.
young christian woman reads medical textbook two weeks before her wedding, she saw a big ol wiener right there on the page, one dozen homeschool dads in matching overalls immediately dispatched to her apartment to perform synchronized dabbing routine until she is no longer horny
Well that is what I support. Radical Islamists are bigger threat. But why can't you Christians stop conversion. If you want to help people you are welcome but why to get them converted. Does Jesos differentiate and doesn't help until one gets converted?
Due to people like you, Muslims are seen with hate. Shame on you. I am a Hindu and I don't hate Muslims. My friend's are Muslims and why because of few idiots whole community should be seen with hatered. You are not a true Muslim.
@Assiye61 That is a lot of disinformation. For example, there were never more than 5 million North American Indians. http://t.co/ErZxfNAOUt
Wow, Christian woman, I wonder if Jesus would say "stop crying and get over people thinking you should die because you don't love the right person"
What kind of human beings don't have a shred of humanity ? Islamic Terrorists on Jihad,and Taliban. Worthless pieces of crap,I hate them.
@ummayman90 #Islam tarnishes itself.  I just point out the truth of what is there, and you try to rationalize it because you are ashamed.
The guy you're responding to is an idiot but then your response is way too. It was sort of like an atheist watching a muslim and christian debate.
What are you talking about, how can you tell if they are forced or not, you are one of the idiots who just read about the subject and don’t know the truth behind it, they aren’t forced to do so, in fact it is innate in our Muslim’s mind, so mind you business, and be respectful.
My friends, if any liberal atheist is giving you crap, kindly send them to me, I'll put them in their place! screw these idiots they don't know if Muslims take ova, they are the first to be beheaded! LOL. they may be atheists, but if they're liberals their idiots!
Example of Islamic terrorism in North east, two days back incident,u cannot play victim card anymore, because u are exposed after 2014
You idiots You all can't be that stupid. What he's done is similar to you getting someone to watch your house &amp; they steal all your stuff &amp; sell it back to you &amp; you thank them. He fucked up. Muslim security guards - who didn't see that as a problem? Each death is on him.
Hey, idiot of the highest order. i can show thousand of videos of cows/ goats being butchered by Muslims, but you hypocrites stay silent then but try to malign every Hindu festivals, be it Jallikattu or Rakshabandhan. just fuck off.
@obsurfer84 Even your own link shows that the Jews were the producers and the Muslims lived by stealing others property.
no one's laughing with you idiot. Just because a white girl called it a diet you continued to use it and fat-shame people? You call yourself a Muslim but can't even respect a person and the religion you follow.
There are ISIS, Boko Haram, Al-Qaeda, Al-Shabab, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Union, Jamaat al Dawa al Quran, and a 100 more designated Islamist terrorist organizations, but the confidence with which Hussain Haidry calls Hindus ‘terrorists’ — quite impressive, no? https://in.news.yahoo.com/bollywood-writer-hussain-haidry-tweeting-hindu-terrorists-needs-to-be-shown-a-mirror-124517967.html
I wasn't born in 1926 otherwise i would nave been dead by now..But what is terrorist sanghi ideology?? When did they 9/11 or 26/11 attack?? U must have taken islamic terrorism to hindu terrorism..Sorry, we hindus r not like that..
You have massive issues with your Muslims and discrimination. Who are you kidding? :) I'm a Yank, not an idiot.
You will keep Saying ISIS is islamic terrorists organization i will keep saying Quran doesn't ask muslims to kill innocence so what they are doing is against the teaching of Islam. this is never ending arguments so bybye
Isn't it Christian to believe that all people are equal in the eyes of the Lord? Why is that a radical idea, Dan? Better yet, why would you support those who actively work against God's will? Sad.
if you want to clean that blood desk start with every church. and i mean every church does not matter if its jewish or muslim or whatever the hoax is that is planted in human minds. its useless to pick trump as a source. trump is a result of idiot church systems not a source.
[2] and then I'm doing it for my petty gain? Wow just wow Both hindu and muslim have extremist idiots and you're denying that I'm not the one whose targeting specific people you are doing that And I'm inciting people lol, do you even use your brain ?
It's also not proscriptive violence, it's recounting history. The new testament is far more instructive in its form. ISIS treats the Quran like an instruction manual. Show me the Christian terrorists doing the same with the OT.
@DianH4 Buddha forbid slavery 1100 years before Mohammed. Jesus had no slaves 600 years before Mohammed. But Mohammed was forced to have?
@Setarehgan @Maryam_Rajavi This is the big lie about #Islam.  It doesn't advocate tolerance and coexistence, it advocates hatred and murder.
If your talking about someone’s faith that’s low would you attack a muslims faith. If you have evidence of wrongdoing other than what you read on lefty twitter or other left leaning media then present a fact based argument. To much crap is spread by complete idiots on twitter
Killing people in the name of jihad ,doing &amp; assisting all sort of terrorist activities, sending terrorist is humanitarian assistance ??? Isn't it Mr imran khan ??? First change the meaning of humanity in ur dicitonary then talk abt it.
So, why were Muslims precisely rioting on streets of Delhi &amp; what were you people doing in Shaheen Bagh in the name of anti CAA protests? CAA was passed by Govt of India not by any political party. Hypocrite idiot!
Can you say fuckin idiots , Muslim stupidity isn't going down
Erdogan is an absolute idiot. I’m Muslim, and I unconditionally support you. Its Christians rights. He’s not serving Islam, and not respecting other religions which we as muslims must do (You’re not muslim if you don’t believe in Jweis and Christianity)
Or the support radical Christians give to Saudi Arabia. And the weapons we sell them to murder Muslims. Or the tens of thousands of civilians killed by the failed war in Afghanistan.
all those idiots in @UKLabour who think they have won - no you lost because most people will no longer vote for you so @Keir_Starmer has stuffed you good and proper - no socialists, jews, blacks, muslims - your gravy train is OVER
It's a very easy to speak against indianArmy. But u don't have enough speaking power to speak against Islamic terrorism'. First, let's a arising a strongest voice against the negative concepts of Islam I.e, jihad.
was trying to be a good Christian woman and go to bed early but my neighbors decide to have a 3 hour fight right by my window about how he doesn’t love her anymore; and she’s almost certain he’s cheating... I obviously had to listen to the whole thing
Are you trying to show hiw completely ignorant you are or does it just come naturally. Guess what you are an idiot. Would you be surprised to learn that the muslims were the slave brokers to much of the world including the US. Your pandering moron.
Human Rights Campaign: A Christian woman kidnapped by Muslims http://chng.it/Ry5TRPgz via @Change
I found a page of Qanon MAGA idiots who think JFK jr isn’t dead and that he’s tweeting out pro trump far right wing conspiracy’s. JFK jr died in 1999. It’s like you could tell these idiots anything as long as it bashes the democrats and they’ll believe it. Obama is Muslim? Yep.
If you are talking about your situation being pussy in front of America then I am sorry for you .what you can do is make Muslim nation strong then tell America let’s talk .atleast raise your voice grow up while you are young idiot.
MIT your a joke BLM is a shell company for the black panthers and Muslim brotherhood.did you read what they want to do to white people.they want us to die and your ok with that.all you idiots who support this bullshit
And whats the crime of holding innocent people hostage, supporting terrorist organizations, illegal dealing of arms to Africa terrorist to support jihad....? So what's the crime "humanity war terrorist crime" or what?
Nope. I don’t. And the law is in my side. It’s settled. (See Roe vs Wade) Good Christian woman? Fine, live your Christian life. Don’t get any abortions, don’t marry another woman. That’s your right. Stop trying to make religious rules everyone has to follow.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews Your mantra about "a few" is stupid.  This proves it. http://t.co/3KyD0zp8yK
Evangelical Christians think they will go to heaven if they support Israel, and ISIS terrorists behead people who criticize Jews because they're mentioned in the Quran as 'people of the book'. Makes you think.
Yes your love for Sikhs is confirmed by the Sikhs who stayed back after partition and are going through difficulties in your Muslim nation. You guys need to peddle terror to get money from a few idiots to keep your stoves burning. Now since J&amp;K terrorists are going to your hoors
Your world and actions are contradicts each other. U are selective to show empathy for sure. Not unequivocally condemning 1 set of terrorist is like supporting the same set of terrorists. This perhaps hints you support Islamic terrorism.
Idiot that's what I'm saying I'm against muslims who murders people.. And I'm against RSS who kills people.. so you agree that you want to take revenge for Kashmir Pandit deaths.. I love Hinduism but not hindutva.. because I love being human #humanity #laddakh
@dwnews https://youtu.be/vPgOhaSeEdc Coronavirus India: BJP members blame Muslims for outbreak | Interview with Nalin Kohli.. You will find IDIOTS #NewsMediaIdiots who want fame and media beggars in any country even in Germany and UK...
I’m not racist or an idiot- I am seeing the HYPOCRISY from DeBlasio &amp; calling him out on his crap! You realize Jewish people eat Kosher food (similar to halal)&amp; I don’t see that they helped the Jewish communities or the Christian communities. Why the Muslim community?
@klassydaisy ISIS follows what is in the Quran and the Hadiths and Sharia exactly, to the letter. #Islam
"Most Christians" who support this evil are not part of the liberal Protestant nor radical Roman Catholic traditions.
Unhinged is putting it mildly. “As a Christian woman” who knows right from wrong, well there you go, right Donna. We’re sick of your bull too! Bunch of lying cheating criminals. @DonaldJTrumpJr
As a Christian woman, do you believe a man has a God given right to rape a 13 year old girl?
Ditto here - starting out after I posted a retort to a Right Wing ahem *Christian* woman who was making fun of Tom Hanks................... Thanks in advance for following me. #TwittersGoneToTheRight
@joedalton2015 @scamp_faridxx The reason that is newsworthy is because the Muslim contribution is so much more often destructive.
Don't teach about hindutva we ever Only know Islamic Terrorism radical Islam
@WithTrish @JRehling Not nearly to the extent that they went insane over a Mohammed cartoon.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime A word of advice, until you can show that wikiislam is false, don't bother me with your advice.
Ah Armenians, unmature idiots as him. Making caucasus like middle east, cos your minds are fucked up by the idea of genocide. Like muslims, since 100's of years producing nothing but complain and grudge Deal with it, you attack Ottomans by the name of god, and they answered back.
Hahaha....Answer was expected. May God help dis world from violent attacks, carried out by terrorists in the name of God (Jihadist violence). Extreme Religious Madness of #Jihad #Jehad kills humanity.
There are ISIS, Boko Haram, Al-Qaeda, Al-Shabab, Hamas, Asbat Al-Ansar Al-Mourabitoun Islamic Jihad Union Jamaat al Dawa al Quran and more designated Islamist terrorist organizations but the confidence with which Hussain Haidry calls Hindus ‘terrorists’
You know it's good that this idiot @hijab behaved like that in a debate with CP.More muslims know about CP &amp; got saved. Listen to this. Don't ever challenge the genius #Christianprince
Numbers of China Should not be included in this Chart Better not to compare any Nation With China It's high time U must realise that China sponsored Islamic terrorism is now not acceptable U must write and present your views on this @anjanaomkashyap
If you think that the actions of the followers of a religion represent the Thruthfulness of a religion, then you're an idiot. Also not all the Muslims blow themselves. ISIS represent 0.006 % of muslims according to Jonathan Brown.
ISIS is an Islamic terrorist group that falsely uses the name of Islam to commit acts of terror. The Quran promotes peace just like the Bhagwan geeta. Shree krishna paramatma says that whichever god you believe in, Krishna will come to you in that form after death.
You people only go after a certain type of mass shooters, no pro 1a & 2a person would ever support the communist socialist Bernie. You claim to fight radical Christians at the same time celebrating radical Islam, and radical liberals. We fight ALL RADICALS.
@arshadwarsi so The ppl n media showing Terrorist are doing Jihad but they are such shame on Humanity and Islam
If you agree with this Islamophobic antisemitic idiot, please unfollow me. He just hated on fellow Jews for defending Uyghurs from genocide and a Pro-Israel Muslim friend of us #saynotoIslamophobia #Saynotoantisemitism
@AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal No, it doesn't suggest that. Islamolunatics and left wing lunatics suggest that.
@thekarami @UmarFarooq_ He had a couple of solutions. The one I like is to defeat ISIS at Dabiq.  Breaks the prophecy. #Islam
If you bring all fake news, and spread wrong propaganda as usual to spoil image of Muslims, Christian, Buddhist, China, Pakistan, N. Korea than people will say you idiot ? now whole world know that Indian Media is famous for fake news &amp; wrong propaganda.
Jesus appeared to you &you have a new light which others don't have unless they agree w you. I still don't see anything that hints of Jesus being obsessed w unborn rights from script so I wonder why a Christian woman would be required by law to submit to fertility idol's Jesus..
Ngl my Muslim friends are the kindest and most amazing people I have ever met and we have mutual respect and understanding and I'm really sorry if anything I tweeted today came off as offensive but I love you guys and I'm sorry your fellow believers are idiots
Islam or jihad doesn't tell Anyone to kill innocent people walking in the streets That guy must be hanged! And make him an example he is terrorist ! "Murdering a human means to kill humanity" Muhammad (PBUH)
@haroonstyles @halalflaws @greenlinerzjm @biebervalue 80% of Muslim civilians are killed by Taliban. Look it up.
@EmmanuelMacron HUMAN RIGHTS laws allow RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM TO CONTROL FRANCE..? DEGEON CHAOS BETWEEN MOROCCAN &amp; SHISHANI TERRORISTS USE MOSQUES TO SEATTLE THEIR DISPUTES ..WHERE IS LAW &amp; ORDER.U HAVE ISIS IN FRANCE&amp; SOON THEY WILL DELARE THEIR STATE INSIDE FRANCE...
All due respect, Mr. French, but elections are about choices. And although Donald Trump has his personal issues, it’s the radical political issues of the Left that leave me in fear. While Trump sure doesn’t act like a Christian, the Left sure doesn’t support Christian positions.
Our mission, radical belonging through community, growth, and relational justice, is more important than ever. Even while physically distancing, connection, support, and resources provide disenfranchised, isolated LGBTQ+ Christians with the experience of belonging.
I appreciate your support, but I was referring to average Christians. Also, Jesus did not organize and promote protests. He was not interested in government, (the Romans)or the Jewish authorities. He even said about the Pharisees, "Do what they say, not what they do."
Yes he was. He took our tax dollars and gave it to the terrorists a billion dollars and a half to them and hundreds of millions more to other are morel ungodly things. He was a Muslim even admitted it and you'd be surprised just how many idiots there are you still think he was a
@ImranKhanPTI You always talk about rights of muslims in india .What about the "Hindu Medical student Brutally raped and killed" by pakistanis.Where are the rights of medical girl in Sindh. You are nothing just another idiot prime minister. You will be punished. @ImranKhanPTI
I’m Muslim you idiot!!
We'll remember radical Islamic terrorism like 1983 Barracks bombings, 1988 Lockerbie bombing, 1993 World trade center bombing, 1995-1996 Saudi Arabia bombings, 1998 U.S.embassies bombings, 2000 U.S.S. Cole bombing, 2001 9/11 attacks, 2002 Bali Nightclub bombings,
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab U hv religious sharia law. U give no religious freedom to non Muslim. U hv religious Umma. U pray for Muslim brotherhood. We pray for humanity. U never speak against genocide due Islamic terrorism but we do. Ur silence has caused all “Islamophoba” not us
oh, u poor soul, u don't realise a flavour of Islam has been used by ur government to prevent societies from becoming secular as that would create serious competition for Israel in the region, but the Islamic terrorism u say, I believe they call it collateral damage
Islamic State of Iraq & Syria the radical islamic terrorist organisation have announced a jihad holy war recommended by Quran , the peacefull terrorist claim to be doing a favour to allah by killing the infidels and nonbelievers . Gunmen = Son of a Gun #ShameOnYou #ISIS
@congressman_aly I know that the terrorist organization Hamas has not had another election since their first one.
You've got to find a good Christian woman, BUT that means you need to be a good Christian man who will love her like Christ loved the church. Ephesians 5:25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her.
#IsraelUnderFire and #IStandwithIsrael . We Indians are with our brothers and sisters of Israel . Terrorist of Gaza , islamic Jihad are against humanity . I Strongly condemn attacks on Israel .
@LifeInKhilafah You must be really young and ignorant if you think a few bombing runs are going to cause anyone to miss a meal. LOL.
Find a great Christian woman who has the same values that you do and you will be just fine. I admit i haven’t watched the show until tonight but you have the right idea that you need to be like minded. And all Christians are imperfect but we are also repentant.
The people on here asking if he’s running just to get a Muslim out are sick. You can’t separate anything and has to be personal. It’s because she’s an idiot.
@IAmThe1Teacher I have no religion, but I can accommodate Jews, Hindus, Christians, Buddhists, Taoist, Atheists.  But Islam is too cancerous
China(Communist) vetoed world move of declaring #AzharMasood as International terrorist to ease Pakistan)Jihad. This nexus of Communist+Jihad is the enemy of humanity. We are most ill fated to live with the deadly nexus. @realDonaldTrump @narendramodi please #bycottchina
Hey Idiot, Already muslim got land of their claim (Porkistan/Pakistan). What can we expect from a murderer(you) of his own wife? India is country of Budh, Ashoka, Shivaji Raje &amp; millions of hindu warrios but muslim have more claim. Beta charasor sonia ke nashe se bahar nikal.
Again madarsa lvl whataboutery. Listen u dishonest person. I hV never met a rapist, so does it means that rapists doesn't exist or they r in miniscule number? World is suffering from Islamic terrorism. Just shout Allah o Akbar in an International flight. U'll get a reality check.
#ISIS #OsamabinLaden #Hizbul &amp;all #terrorist read follow #Quran.Trillion of proof they accept its #Allah order #Jihad #TerrioustAttacks 99%of #Voilence in world belong to #Islam #Quran its #Hadise why world government banned it?Follow #China kill #muslim but #islam agents silent?
@soofy_01 And by doing so she helped subject the world to 1400 years of terrorism.
Let’s even talk about how Muslim men slut-shame female Muslim bloggers, Muslim women who don’t cover or those who wear makeup. Let me tell you idiots something, we will destroy the patriarchy everywhere it stands. We will question what we know and rebuild ourselves by all means
I work with someone who called herself a good Christian woman, right after she told me I was going to hell for the way I vote.
In other words, “them” is close to a modern day Isis. The Quran permits killing terrorists in self-defence because they have waged pre-emptive war against you, or against Christians, Jews, or people of any faith.
You think muslims shouldn’t intercept their caravans and let kufaar have their supplies so they could use them against muslims?You know nothing idiot
RT @george3612: @ProudPatriot101 Rotherham whistleblower 'proved right' .Leftie police,Labour council protected the Muslim  rapists.https:/…
@TheKnowledge @NomCookiesNom Muslims are not a race, idiot, they are a cult of murder and terrorism. http://t.co/4wKPDIkzm8
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Mohammed was a genocidal bigot who attacked Jews and Christians. ISIS and Hamas do exactly the same.
You must be Muslim to follow the Leader! Look at yourself in the mirror too!! Before you call people you don’t know idiots in our world Stop The Hate..Fight For A Good Cause For All!! We Are All Americans Fighters for All!!
@roisin_morgan There is no land grabbing. 40% of the Arabian peninsula should belong to the Jews, like it did before Mohammed.
You are what they call a useful idiot. Muslims are allowed to lie to non-believers. "Protection" is just like the kind you get from the mob.
Waise trump ne US economy achi nahi sambhali just did xcellent stupendous sirf bhashanbazi nahi kare,aur Hindu HINDU SUPPORT agnst radical islamic pak jihadis who use 2 kill nd killed number of christians Americans europeans.Hope best for him in comin POTUS election v support him
In other words, “them” is close to a modern day Isis. The Quran permits killing terrorists in self-defence because they have waged pre-emptive war against you, or against Christians, Jews, or people of any faith. Yet, even then, if terrorists desist, the Quran forbids aggression
Have you ever been to a MADARSA idiot. You won't find lathis, swords &amp; trishuls there. I challenge you, choose any Madarsa and your time, carry out a surprise raid &amp; then if you don't find anything objectionable? You want to uplift Muslims? Bl00dy Idiot, even #Puncturewalas, 1/n
We need more authors to break the stereotype! And no doubt there will be struggles coz guess what!!! some idiots can't see Muslims be anything other than oppressed people wanting to convert at some point (for the stupidest reasons). I'm aware You have seen it too.
When there is an open terrorist in India, and you just want to be your slave, then why do we need terrorism in India? You are feeding them with your blood. We do Jihad only against those whose humanity is not far off, and cause mischief in the land of Allah.
LOL ywood grow up Wait u have a film industry Stop depending on Indian films for entertainment Hotel Mumbai - 26/11 Zero dark thirty - 9/11 Munich - black September Mighty heart - pearl kidnapping and killed Are best examples Islamic terrorism , stop Terrorism
If you trust some idiots speach you get this result, they are highly against muslim, don't care about this people
Fack you terrorist how you are idiot Islam Muslim teachoo in Quran you idiot Muslim you don't have brain Islam don't have brain I have to know something is different
@omarsuleiman504 @asimb Chapel Hill is not surprising. What is surprising is that given the level of Islamic terrorism, there is so little.
“The universe” but she a Christian Woman right ? did she have an editor ? Like I’m confused on multiple levels .
You advocating to same quran who openly hold by isis terrorist
I Know Christians Pretty Stupid To Send A Christian Woman Of God To Isalm With A Bible If The Quran Could Save Them They Have Muslim Queens Who Know It Right Not So Peaceful Isalm To Me Or Each Other
Analysis of media content show intention to cause #panic and control global mass of terrified people, easy to direct without a choice of their own, linked radical #Christians in America, in support of Trump re-election but having nothing to do with responses to #Corona outbreak.
We never Accept Allah is Exist or more Your Rules , Jihad etc your rules we never Accept it.... We respect every religion but Not Accept Rules and Your Terrorism ....... And We Punish Radical Islamic Terrorism and Your Islamic not Effect us.......we Respect everyone and Religion
To become Muslims they take it fir granted. Better fir me and you the encrusted thrones all mine them idiots all they gm get is rich now we get from here on! Ye Allah Subpanallah Masha Alhumduallah Rabiyeel Alimin Laih illallah. I can’t Love U Renee hall more than you do.
Bring it on! I will not kneel to black muslim gay idiots and you can only win if you lie and cheat. So come ready for a fight puss! WLM
Unfortunately until we confront the idiots that stand up and allow atrocities committed by Muslims (grooming gangs) sharia law we are saying it's ok. If Muslims want to act like this go to a Muslim country and practice it. Also take your handwring apologist friends with you
Radical mosques train &amp; financially support Muslim terrorists, thank goodness there are cops who storm their mosques. Radical Muslims prefer to kill Jews but the next best thing are Christians, Hindus &amp; Buddhists.
@AbouAliZarif @MaxBlumenthal The Muslims have exterminated virtually every minority in the ME and these idiots talk about Israeli aparthide.
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Do the trolls at Salon know that the prophet Mohammed was a caravan robber?  They don't. #Islam
@zh_ha89 Your religion makes the entire woman a giant sex organ and forces her to hide every bit of it.
I am unfollowing you. You news is always some Hindu Or Muslim. One. Get lost.. Idiots
Abee ,,,atuee ,,aloo kabheee Desh kee Flag koo BHEE salutee karooo tum sab 1 hooo chayee.wooo padhaa likhaa yaa Zahil all r same HV u guts to say Against Islamic Terrorism that's whole world face no as per our stand Nation 1st then anything &amp; u people hv guts to say Nation1st no
Because britain politics has surrendered to Islamic terrorism just to show its humane and secular face. They are raping ur girls &amp; u r patting on the back of ppl like london mayor &amp; anjem choudhari. Europe n america never listened what India said. Better you all convert to islam
Whoever this rebel of Kashmir guy is, does he represent all Muslims? This fellow said that death of "each and every" Muslim would be celebrated. Obviously this man is of terrorist mentality but is that how you counter such comments? Making Hindus also look like jihadis? Idiot
Islam is not responsible for Islamic terrorism but all white people are responsible for the death of a black criminal in the U.S.
@IndyVoices I read the entire Quran and many of the Hadiths, and murdering "unbelievers" and forcing Islam on people is exactly what it is.
@IAmThe1Teacher @stevecorrales80 @IronmanL1 So you want to be tolerant of "Islam" and intolerant of "religions"?
@wahab19493312 The prophet Mohammed didn't bother to help the poor to convert them, but rather converted at the point of the sword.
There are problems all over the World but when an idiot starts talking about "Hong Kong" on a Chinese made Iphone nobody that sincerely cares about these issues takes you seriously. You care about Muslims in China about as much as you care about the Mexicans in your baby camps
Won't agree with u ma'm, she is an advocate of radical Islamic terrorism., do u support that ideology???
'observed' dig? So you won't value the actual archaeologists who carried out excavation n clearly mentioned that there was temple there but u will go with a random article with random archaeologists who didn't even do the excavation. You think SC is idiot incl Muslim judge?
Yes Boris, you are a racist idiot and you enable and encourage abuse. ⁦@RishiSunak⁩ any comment? Islamophobic incidents rose 375% after Boris Johnson compared Muslim women to ‘letterboxes’, figures show | The Independent
Hello Robert quick question where were you when Kinnocks son was being an ass . Ditto the labour idiot who went to a funeral with 100 other (muslim) mourners.
I'm a muslim THAT'S LITERALLY A WINDOW. A Gothic window you idiot don't use my religion to create fanwar.
Are you an idiot? Do you know what he was recorded saying??? Dont talk when you dont know what the fuck youre talking about. He talked about killing gays muslims and N words. You think thats just being tone def? Again? Are you fucking stupid?
@batchelorshow @edgeofthesandbx @FearDept Ask the Muslims.  They are the ones killing all the Jews.
Is there any different Quran for Terrorist, suicide bomber, ISIS, Bokoharam, Islamic Brotherhood, LeT, etc etc? What's the jehad for them?
U may ask y..Even b4 u ask let me tell u y.. Nazis &amp; mugals terrorism don't exist now.But Islamic terrorism exists now.And compare that Islamic terrorism will all the other kinds of other terrorisms present now v all know Islamic killings far more higher than&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;all other terrors
RT @DilanaKurdi: Yazidi children who are taken from their parents, forcibly converted to Islam! #Sinjar #Shengal http://t.co/wwzplHld7f
There are bad people in all walks of life. Muslims tend to be the go to scapegoat at the moment because of a few idiots. You cannot simply cast a blanket over every one&amp; call them all bad. James is just a misguided individual, unhappy with his life and blames Jews for this. Sad!
Wow, what a shame. A corporation decides to support a candidate or political stance. Y'know, I feel the same way when Starbucks takes my money and gives it to radical anti-Christian Pro-gay groups, or pro-Abortion groups, and shoves it into my face. Welcome to "life"
What's this? A Radical Orthodox Christian Terrorist. If you like those people, then you support killing of innocent people.
ISIS terrorist holds quran in their hand. Show me one terrorist holding Manusmriti.
I hope it succeeds in Toronto. Support Christian businesses and values?
@Rubiconski You must be one of Putin's army of paid internet trolls.  http://t.co/stp5NmjZRY http://t.co/IIZx95911L
Somehow it seems to be poetic justice for the @CatholicBishops whose support for the radical Christian right misogynist policies was key to ushering in the nightmarish anti-human heresy of the Trump presidency. @Pontifex
i think if your not a idiot them you can't be a pakistani them again their is no point debating to a donkey indian muslims are our brother's u talk about hate from a country who,s foundations on hate towards non-muslims
@Dabiq_Warrior @Totenleserin And it cost ISIS half their best fighters.  The city can be rebuilt - free of the ISIS animals.
My President, you will get more than 40% Black VOTE Their are more Blacks That have Good jobs or Own Business the Husain + Soros Bunch.. SCARED BLACKs,.just like they SCARED the JEWs. Just when life is Good The Muslim want to take it AWAY,.. Most..idiot’s R Smarter..ThAN that
What do you think that you will show unauthentic and unreliable sources and I accept it? I am not an idiot. Also there is no problem for Muslims in China
Are you idiot ? Not only Muslim rulers but all the foreign invaders Inc. britishers,french came to India for its wealth ,trade and prosperity Some of Hindu rulers like Ashoka etc. were also the same in the beginning but the amount of damage caused by non Indian is much more
@JoeBiden says wear a mask in his new Add. Sir you are an idiot. No one believes your with all Americans. You hate the right, independents, and old Democrats. You are a socialist. We are black, hispanic, Asian, Muslim, American and Gay enough yo say HELL NO TO YOU!
Sure it will be free of islamic terrorism and china will keep on watching when we will fcuk u . Remeber 1965 ,1971,1999 . None of ur Papa came to rescue they kept on watching....
@michellemalkin those support Hamas,Jihad, ISIS and Islamic terrorist groups in the US. should be considered a criminal against humanity
I don’t wish to sound radical, but I support the 23 state solution. Eretz Israel for Jews, peace-loving Arabs and Christians and the other 22 Arab states for the Arabs and non-indigenous Palestinians who have ambitions to replace Israel with a fictitious country called Palestine.
Before lots of people call you an idiot, being a Muslim is part of a religion and not a RACE of people. It is a religion followed by many different ethnicities Also dont blindly follow, read up on whats going on with these two #corrupt af
@toryboypierce and you was worried about the muslims, it's idiots like you that cause problems oh not forgetting ur friend @KTHopkins Police called after hundreds gather at Jewish festival in London
Why you are going to hindu-muslim topic like a idiot you all do. BJP has more hindu member but they never say Muslim is not allowed to bjp. Tmc is bringing illegal Bangladeshis to west bengal. It will become west bangladesh very soon
These are not freedom fighters , these are called terrorist. They are not concerned with Humanity , they like to kill each and everybody in the name of jihad.
Wtf this is clarify that the serial has no pork in it so the Muslims can eat it you idiots
Talk more about your own Islamic terrorism man such a hypocrites u are when it comes to your religionu say Islamic terrorism doesn't even exist but the whole world can't deny the threat of Islamic terrorism which comes from your side and u do nothing hypocrites at its best
By the way, how the hell u have compared @RSSorg with a cheap Muhajid who will soon join daesh and ISIS for gazwa-e-hind!!! Those 800 yrs are over, in which few Hindus got converted to islam in 2Rs . Enough we have seen Islamic terrorism!!!
Recognise Palestine as a Jewish State? What drugs are you on? What idiot would accept their eternal oppression and subjugation? What idiot would relinquish their intended right to go back home? It would be like recognising the Vatican as a Muslim city ! #FreePalestine
RT @koda1950: @LeMarquand exactly WHAT has Islam EVER done other than subjugate women, kill and torture?!
You are really a loyal dog of pompeio. After searching through the dictionary for a long time, you can find the Uygur nationality. you think Xinjiang people are all Muslims? In China, even ethnic minorities are rarely religious，idiot Indian，deal with your caste system first
You tell about "universal declaration" Then many countries u take as universal it also believe in all world there is islamic terrorism then you can accept. Universal declaration.
If you aren't willing to dodge occasional incoming fire from a radical Christian terrorist with a semi-automatic weapon, you need to go back to where you came from. Real Texans support Trump even if he and the Republicans are trying to kill them.
@RanaAyyub u write books Me too , I have written on RADICAL Islamic terrorism
You know what the muslims call people like you a useful idiot. Here you are trying to justify slavery so thay don't have to. I hope you have this same energy telling black people don't get mad at the white man because Arabs had slaves before them
Both genders are equally tragic and equally to blame... I'd like to marry, but only if I find the right old fashioned Christian woman. Until then, I'm fine with abstaining entirely.
Romney concerned with Chinese freedom? What about the freedom of 60 million plus Americans elected President? Is Romney continuing to support radical anti life anti religious leftist opposed to Moromon, Catholic and Christian nation? Make a choice Romney, your ego or America?
U take any topic- Aadhar, CAA, NPR, UAPA, Political violence, kashmir, Theism, Sabarimala A, Dalit rights, Electoral malpractice, Islamic terrorism.. @cpimspeak will have one stand and their action will be another.. #cpim4 hypocrisy
Next time note down the store and complain. It is not acceptable and sorry from India. Hope you differentiate between India ,Pakistan ,Indian Muslim etc .we ourselfs are dark and idiots are those who make fun.
@AlgerianWitness That's how Muslims react when the traffic light turns red.
This is a bunch of bull shit and it all needs stopped China needs cut off completely! The Muslims need out of the country !!! Did you know at the meat plant in Kansas City they have to wait on those idiots to pray and wash their feet in the bathroom sink while people are working!
So how are you going to stop your pet muslim cause from stoning Trans or pushing them from high places when they become powerful enough to impose their customs on us? Do you think the form of Islam developing here is some watered down version which accepts gay practice? Idiot.
LOL You are kidding of course, I mean comparing today's status of a christian woman to "today's" Muslim one, right? And I am not including the Western cafeteria-Muslims just those who are still living in the 7th century in our actual 21st century.
So, I bet you consider yourself a Christian woman. Right? So judgmental and rude.
Well, I guess a paycheck comes before Integrity. If Greg, Dana, Katie, or Jesse, had called out “I’m a Christian Woman, Paul Ryan would have fired them all by tomorrow. Just like he did Trish, who ended up looking like she might be right. @foxnews is going down the tubes fast
Welcome to the first floor of the crackhead cabin! Where Velma and her friends celebrate the life of Jesus, because she’s a good Christian woman. As a hippie, she’s a friend to the animals. They vibe so well together. As you can see right now they’re hotboxing the cabin!
Will somebody stop the political bull shit and tell the truth?! Will Elon Musk himself inform us what these machines actually DO? Because right now, I am seriously pissed off, for a Christian woman.
I know you don't I'm just interested in peoples views of Tommy's credibility. He's the US right's useful idiot as far as I am concerned - and it's a clever ploy by them to use him for UK public opinion, demonising muslims helps neocons undertake their next illegal war.
My response to those idiots..."oh so muslim lives matter"...they seem dumbfounded every time. Kinda tells you too much about the thought process in thier head.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews There should be no freedom to impose your religion on others. And that is what Islam is about.
Religion and god are man made...that is why your religion depends on who conquered your land. You are a christian if it was conquered by christians, a muslim if it was conquered by muslims...You are following something which most of your ancestors were forced to follow. Idiot
I need some head and if you’re a good Christian woman you’ll help me out with that right?
Only people of color and movements that support the inequities faced by people of color are labeled “radical,” while a white supremacist president and his radical, hate-filled, white supremacist followers are labeled Christian? THEY embody radical hate.
You should read his followers comments... this is why he’s popular apparently appeals to indian far-right idiots who try to convince the world anyone who’s Muslim is ISIS...
Being muslim its mean you should do sahalat, zakat, hajj, and not just believe in allah and go straight to heaven idiot, and its clearly said from quran that you should wear hijab, show that your knowledge of islam is weak
Yes exactly do whatever your laws say,but don't teach us how to treat #Hinduphobes in india,how to treat jamati, terror sympathisers, because our every action looks isalmophobic to you all idiots sitting in arab , who actually very harsh towards every radical muslim organization.
there are plenty of things that Erdogan can do. but all muslim enemies and some idiots like you, like to see fighting between Egypt and turkey but will not happen. There many nice soldiers in Egypt and they do not deserve to being killed. The Sultan knows his job.
Muslim is a religion you idiot
Conservative, Christian, White, Pro-Trump, Love God, Love America, Pro-Life, Love our Constitution, Grateful for our Freedoms, Support/Honor our Military, Speak the truth w/facts, Challenge Radical Ideologies.
We have surrendered because we were fighting with our own Muslim brothers. Remember 1965 and 1998 , when we have beated the Non-Muslims so badly. In 1971, you just pushed a moving vehicle. Idiot! don't trust your liar media.
bein so much soft hehe.Especially when USA knows understands well enof d dirty stinkin menac of radical islamic jihadism,INDIAN HINDU guys lyk us r fully FULLY in support of USA agnst radical islamism becoz latter bein killers of christians Hindus jews sikhs.Pakistan another one.
RT @arisroussinos: Literally, every single approach road or track or open field to Mosul is covered by Peshmerga outposts now http://t.co/Y…
Isn't she the one that said she was a Christian woman....????? Right...I think not
@ldstarr18 @AC360 You are a liar trying to shut people up using the term  #racist.  Islam is not a race and you know it. It is a death cult.
@obsurfer84 Now you are babbling like every Muslim conspiracy idiot. "CIA created ISIS".Utterly stupid and without evidence. You are blocked
If this country had hindu Muslim harmony.. idiots like you would start caste hate . Stop doing this , get a job .
@pNibbler @AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal Most countries are moving in that direction. But not Muslim ones. http://t.co/T65iYtpvDK
It's an every day attack on OUR Freedom of Religion by you idiot Trumpists and POS Trump since he became president.......This is NOT a Christian country. God can be any God anyone in this country wishes to have NOT just YOUR God.......even the Muslim god....Got it? Probably NOT!
@y_alibhai you smear and insult Jews and cravenly cheer on the faction of left wing useful idiots who hate Jews more than they adore Palestinians. Question. Will YOU be asking British Muslims about Islamists HAMAS ISIS HIZBALLAH AL QEIDA TALEBAN who all share the same ideology
@HoosierJason @ciomdx @JameelJaffer @ggreenwald Why not. Muslims have practically exterminated every non Muslim minority in Mus countries.
wallahi, this whole “mUsLiMs ArE tErRoRiStS” is getting on my nerves now. 1. there is no terrorism in Islam. Allah swt forbids it &amp; it’s so clear written in the Quran and Hadiths 2. terrorism is sinful 3. terrorism has no religion 4. ISIS is not Islam have a good day x
@rico_hands @NAInfidels @semzyxx @owais00 Hey, idiot! You can't use the problems of Judaism to justify the barbarity of the Quran.
Yes raise your voice against religious extremists , nations built on basis of religion not humanity and human values , raise your voice against terrorist in the name of jihad ,raise your voice ....
I think it’s also about her being a strong woman and of course Muslim. It’s very sad, but you have to ignore them as they are uneducated and idiots.
Hey, Angel, you realise you said this out loud right? And, er, to the world as well? Hope you have a good day "christian" woman.
Sad! The fools who beat a fellow human so mercilessly should be taught proper leassion of humanity. It's also sad that the actual terrorist @thewire_in is doing jihad without any worry.
@Pray_4_Life @Pontifex People who call being against Islam racist know that Islam is not race but want to intimidate others into shutting up
Islamic terrorism is no different thn Christian racism &amp; Hindu casteism.. Every religion is stupid.. If you support one by defaming others. You just need some good education... &amp; yea degree or scores are nt education they just say how much u can remember.. So u r uneducated still
@ingyusarms Everyone else does not follow a pedophile prophet who owned 27 slaves, robbed caravans, and raped women - only Muslims.
Blood Thirsty JIHADIS-RIOTERS-LOOTERS-RAPISTS-TERRORISTS INVADERS-PREDATORS-BARBARIANS r following Aasmani-Kitaab Doctrines of Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity for next HINDU Genocides Partition Ethnic Cleansing No Questions needed
@cdnKhadija @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @98Halima @rfrankh53 Raping children is what Mohammed did.
Were you drunk writing this tweet or had some sasta nasha. Cant you see how the ruling party is using hindu muslim as a tool to stay in power and due to idiots like you muslims are being tortured all the way. During the pandemic as well they found that muslims are the culprit.
mam with due respect u r showing too much humanity to pakis snakes who support their terrorist army which is waging jihad on us .
@Ammaawah @jm111t Women should have the same sexual rights as me, but Islam says they clearly don't.
The Christian Institute expresses its support for a church’s legal action against Edinburgh Council, Westminster introduces a radical new abortion law in Northern Ireland, and a Christian politician speaks to colleagues of his trust in God.
@sudhirchaudhary we salute u Sir please keep on jihad and islamic terrorism
I am a straight Christian woman and I praise Pride Month. The Lord doesn't make mistakes, there is no sin in loving someone for the right reasons and what matter is if you are a good person. #PRIDE2020 #PrideMonth2020
After the US bombed the Middle East, told the people on the ruins that I brought you freedom and democracy, and told the Americans that we maintained the world order, we are justice, Then blame CPC kill Muslim.which is brainwashing, Sadly, a lot of idiots believe these bullshit!
@wilytone @jmorgan_jamie @SenTomCotton @GOP The Islamist were there the whole time.  It was only the dictators that kept them quite.
Yes thats the problem ...u guys alwys love ur religion and want to make india a islamic state. U will never recognise india first..u cant raise ur voice against extremely islamic terrorism but u will raise voice against hindutava and Hinduism.... playing victim card like alwys
@anjemchoudary Idiots like you making such declarations have no contact with reality.  Islam is inhuman and must be outlawed.
@flatspaddler1 @SumbelinaZ @velvethammer @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch She is crying, "Boohoo, you are terrorizing our Islamic terrorists"
He puts a statement and people in the comments section are debating if he meant muslims or kashmiri pandits. He meant both you idiots and therein lies the problem.
Kafirs regardless of religion wl resist virus called jihad agnst humanity cry hw much u want enough of your terrorism &amp; ethnic cleansing all terrorists will dispatched to dealer of hoors by security forces jst make sure to ask ur dealer to maintain supply of hoors
Sir U r wrong, RSS is a self serving establishment, and #india #Indian suffering from #Islamic_terrorism exports by Pakistan and ISIS . we also respect all religions, we also treating 40% tabligi jmant Corona sufferer to good in top hospital in #India. We respect Muslim Dharam
She’s absolutely lying. Such a good Christian woman right?
This is why @BJP4India is needed in this country to eliminate all islamic terrorist like Musa... He chopped one security in Alipur inside jail . All terrorist blindly belive in |Justice of Allah" so Kills innocent without brain and emotion... #ISIS follow only "Quran".
Show me a video proof where RSS called themselves Aryans? Aryan Invasion theory is a fake theory already proved wrong by geologists, You are an ignorant Hinduphobic person full of hatred against Kaafirs. ISIS terrorist used Quran so Quran is a terrorist book?
@afshan_noor Good though I ws sure that no religion can provoke against humanity nw u gvn the proof too but wats this #Jihad thn? #Terrorist
lol what ? you have no idea about the spread of Islam. muslims fought wars. and people die in wars. they are not called genocides. genocide is a legal term. u r an idiot who doesn't know what he is talking about see what Michael the syrian sais after 500 years of muslim rule
@roisin_morgan No more so than the Muslims, who consider their birthright to be global domination.
Bas Hindu pay tukney ki aadat. What is the main tweet and what you are twweting, idiot. No respect towards the Health your favorite Cricketer..? Why are you bothered what happens in India, in Pakistan we can convert Hindus to Muslims, that is not an inhuman act..??
Move. it has everything you want...anti white, diversity, 50% unemployment and most of the countries are protesting against Brussels and fighting Muslim rapes What a useful idiot
So you're against "tyranny" are you? What other e.g.s of tyranny are you active in opposing? US police murdering black people in broad daylight? Chinese dictatorship torturing muslims in concentration camps? Lack of human rights throughout Middle east? No, didn't think so! #idiot
Muslims read Quran and so do Isis and Al Quaeda ... it’s read and interpreted differently. The KLAN which was filled with Democrats it just a terrorist group that interpreted the Bible the wrong way
Media-Jihadis-Terrorists needs to STOP playing Al-Taqiya Emotional-Victimhood-Jihad Only u Ppl hv FREEDOM of Atrocities against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity? Your Platinum VICTIM Card is EXPIRED Hindu-Droh is Rashtra-Droh (Sedition) @PMOIndia need to reform Sedition Laws
Right? More like January. This is unprecedented and a sign of Jesus coming. The powers of the heavens are being shaken. We never had it this cold in November here in my region. Historic. All of this is coming true when a YouTube Christian woman prophesied a deadly winter coming!
Does making yrself british - it means u kniw english well? That's yr logic? Islamic terrorism is there. Who have suffered it, go ask them what is terrorism.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime But the Quran and Hadith make it clear that Islam is Imperialist. http://t.co/UetpLzaVyI
I am not supporting him for doing kufr idiot. I am supporting him for defending innocent lives of Muslims &amp; peaceful Christians to his last strength &amp; you are supporting those that are try to enforce their Shariah on people in which they are supported by the west. You are kafir
The anti-LGBTQ Salvation Army is a front for a radical Christian church and also doesn’t deserve your support. Give your money and time to SMALL LOCAL CHARITIES where you can keep an eye on things, not to these behemoths.
@thewire_in are hired a journalist who is shield of a Islamic Terrorist. We all knew her intention, but it was not proven, but now it is. @svaradarajan will U promote a Terrorist, who is using your company for Media Cover to Islamic Terrorism??
I get it, he moved the embassy back to Jerusalem. He's pro Israel, but the truth; he could careless about Israel or its people. His support is ONLY due to the radical Christian base &amp; JESUS! It's about VOTES!! Open your eyes! if anything he's a antisemitic narcissists!!
So basically, you are being racist? The Quran does not say to be terrorist. It does not say to defy basic human rights. And the rack that you talk about ISIS &amp; al Qaida is wrong. Not all Muslims are terrorist,not even they majority.kids get taught enough about 9/11 as it is
Indians stop killing the innocent Muslims. The most dangerous country for minorities.shame o you idiots. https://www.facebook.com/101769051499602/posts/126780932331747/?extid=SCbS9hTJsE7g8zDO&amp;d=t&amp;vh=e
@Saudi_Castro @donttreadonme65 @zaki_safar Filthy Islam created them and is funding them.
Ditto. I do support this though, as radical Islam is killing Christians around the World. Big, huge, problem! (Saudis Arabia included! They need to quit funding all These radical jihadists!) @realDonaldTrump @vp @SecPompeo @PatrickBuchanan @TuckerCarlson @ASavageNation @NewsWars
Idiot, it's shot in Indian side of lake and its still India. If you have to go to China you will need to shave your beard then only Muslims are allowed inside China
So you want to get rid of white police officers because they are white, which is racism, the root of our argument which would put many officers out of work just because 1 guy was racist? Should we not allow Muslims in our country because some are “radical” too? You’re an idiot
I never seen any of ur post criticize any Tablighi jamat who used to spread hate,not a single tweet against islamic terrorism in pakistan where daily hindu and sikh girl kidnapped and converted to Islam ,such a shame muslims like u r double standard
RT @BenCohenOpinion: Neo-Nazis and Holocaust deniers adore @MaxBlumenthal because he thinks just like them. More @tabletmag http://t.co/bnO…
Liberalism is dead, this proves it! Stop burning and looting you idiots!! Or be a man or a thug life type go to africa and help your people who are being enslaved by a muslim extremist ..cowards!!! Rest in peace sir i hope justice prevails!!!
@MaxBlumenthal @RaniaKhalek There was no Shujaiya massacre. The place was full of Blumenthal's terrorist friends and their weapons.
Remember when @ChickfilA had integrity and was willing to stand for something? But then they choose to bend the knee to the radical Left and stab actual Christian organizations in the back! Buy @PopeyesChicken and Support Salvation Army and Christian Athletes!
It's fun watching idiots break down when it comes to the topic of Muslims and LGBT people. Calling out the former makes you a racist. Explaining why the former thinks the way they do makes you a homophobe/transphobe. The only winning move is not to play.
Yes, we call it "freedom of speech". It's useful when dealing with idiots like you that think that, for example, "Muslim" is a race.
I’m a Muslim and you can’t tell me nothing about the Holy City . what can you say about these idiot lynching other human being :
@DianH4 In 1400 years Islam has never produced anything other than tyrants, and the world is obligated to deal with them.
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Here is the Quran telling men they can beat their wives and that men are superior. http://t.co/8xldNwbvZx
No one is saying the CCP is perfect. But there are brainwashed idiots saying America can do no wrong. If you care about Muslims so much why don't you tell your representatives to stop the sanctions and the wars in Africa and the middle east. Talk about hypocrisy.
Idiot - you do realise muslims vote for tories too? Labour was supposed to appeal to people who cared about social issue. Anyway
Update: A brave Christian woman in Iran speaks Pray Mary continues to courageously stand up for the rights of Christians in Iran. http://www.odusa.org/prayerapp
Lol, like those idiots who jumped on the train to Adelaide, and countless trying to cross but yes you name the stupid muslim bangladeshi guy.....taqiyyah ? Sorry it is a totally incorrect context but your right wing buddies must be teaching you. Like I said 3aw and its trolls...
There is always gonna be people who will exploit religion to justify horrific actions. Just like ISIS and Al Qaeda and Saudi Arabia use the Quran to exploit their terrible actions, "Christian terrorists" will do the same. It says nothing on the religion but rather the people.
Pelting stones & attacking on police, doctors & health worker's, spitting, abusing, spreading virus, creating riots, jihad etc are humanity work. Right? U even defended those jahil jamati terrorist's so it's common for you to play victim card.
Idiot!!!! Muslim..persons faith. Indian...persons nationality. Now I know that you are aware that you can be both....don't you?
Brother, Every Islamic terrorist, ISIS Taliban, JeM, all quote or misquote the Quran saying, it tells us to fight against infidels &amp; non believers &amp; to bring Islamic rule across the world. NOW, every Islamic religious Mullah &amp; leader should shout at the top of their voice..1/2
If Abdul Wahab was a brilliant scholar. Then why are ISIS given his book first before the Quran? Those who hold Abdul Wahab in high regard, please answer! Why is this book used to brainwash people into terrorists? Abdul Wahab the reformer or rogue?
RT @PeterTownsend7: #muslim #ISIS #Islam No compulsion in religion. Unless you're a kid of course! http://t.co/Va3FBYF6Wp http://t.co/B0AJT…
who ever with pakistan; they r with terrorism.Pakistan shelter terrorist &amp; help thm flourish. indirectly such ppl r against humanity. they forget or dnt knw basic of Jihad/wahabism. its to spread religion. or esle they lived in thr land (57country) with peace.but fight thr too.
@dankmtl When they left the Israelis to be slaughtered they lost the land as they deserved.
Arabs and muslims do not supporting you don’t believe idiot people
#Religion – When it is good it is very, very good. When it is bad, which happens all too often, it is very, very, very bad – the Spanish Inquisition, radical Islamic terrorism, the hypocrisy of the “religious right” and Christian “evangelical” support of Trump. #Evangelicals
@congressman_aly I know that they have the same policy of breeding like rats and population imperialism as their prophet Mohammed.
How can U be Indian?you are illegitimate son of a Pakistani Muslim you became Muslim abandoning the Great Sikh religion of your Mother you are a Pakistani agent if you have any spine start Anti American Narrative as you did agst India start your Islamic Terrorism @AatishTaseer
How can a person wishing his (partly christian) fans a happy holiday be offensive to anyone just because there's a tree in the foto? This is absolute madness and ignorance from radical, hateful, intolerant islamists that shouldn't support Liverpool.
No one accepts that he is an idiot. You are not an exception
@DavidHarvilicz @AFP More left wing scum caving in to the violence of Islam.
Hahaha Jammu and Ladakh is Being discriminated , idiot it was the govts of the India not Kashmiris who discriminated with you people. What you did with Jammu muslims, if we would have done that we would have made uh extinct since 47 than.
Not therapy , not rights activists , not the police , it'll complicate it for her if she doesn't want to talk. Just a Christian woman counselor who'll help her psychologically and have her more familiar with the super emotional healing powers of CHRIST*.#peaceofmind
I did see one guy saying he supposed he’d have to treach “leftists” how to pray, which I didn’t appreciate as a Christian woman. But your right, this is what the algorithms do, mixed in with bots and trolls and who knows what, because the goal is to get us to fight. We shouldn’t.
You said one of the crimes the tribe did was trying to rape lut’s guests! Now you say there was no rape? Wow. You’re as idiot as Muhammad himself .No wonder though. You muslims are just a bunch of proud pieces of shit .
Pro-tip don't post imagines of saints and speak of martyrs, some people are idiots and think they're Muslims...you know the Imams Thomas More and John Fisher
@yuskan0723 And of course the Palestinians are firing rockets at Israel without any regard for what they hit, including women and children.
Memo to MSNBC: The Cold War ended years ago! Putin has weapons of mass destruction and Trump is right to be talking with him! Dems need Russia to blame for Trump’s election! But Russia would never try to destroy the U.S. Putin is not our existential threat! Islamic Terrorism is!
You guy will remain idiot even if you live amongst Muslims till death. Try something to learn from them. They will teach you where the azaan is made. It's Masjid, place of worship and not at Madarasa, the place of learning. Give thanks when you learn so that you can learn more.
Islamic state means no minority rights....Pakistan has been prosecuting people who don't follow Islam such as Hindus, shias, ahmadi , Christians etc. Recently a Christian woman has to leave Pakistan for death threats for blasphemy.
did you understand what i said?i said muslim government can't build a temple but I did not said they also can't they can but government can't ok.understand first ok without understands what I just said you start talking idiot.
Idiots like these are the reason women are so scared to come out when sexual assault happens to them. There is NOTHING wrong with women who go through abuse. If u have this mentality, kindly unfollow me and go fuck yourself. You’re a disgrace to Muslims everywhere.
Well, I'm lost. How a black christian woman speak like that about Jew?! while in the era of white supreme racism and K.K.K it were many Jewish liberal who defend their right in even lost their life and their children like in Mississippi. Barking the wrong tree.
@LifeInKhilafah The people studying Islam all have the IQ of a camel.  A ten year old could figure out that this religion is evil by design.
I can see it's not easy being an African christian woman right now Constantly at loggerheads with your religion and culture
Entire world is the victim of Jihadi terrorism.. But You remain silent on it..When Pulwama happens people like You justify and defend the terrorist and when christchurch happens you play the humanity card.. Actually people like You are the real global culprits nurturing jihad
Strange but fascinating and important to know! The terrorist regime of #Iran believes that I am the person prophesied in the books from 1000s of years ago, who will strike Iran with the support of #Christians and #Jews, fight Radical #Islam and create an Islamic renaissance. 1/3 https://twitter.com/restartleader/status/1265298846478856193
USA : Islamic Terror = Uyghur identity What an insult to Uyghurs! China has worked wonder in ridding of Islamic terrorism through peaceful education, while USA failed with guns and torture! &lt;=== so U.S. engages itself in lying propaganda attacks on China!
QUESTIONS 1)4x4-BONES 2)Black And Blue-Crystal Lake 3)Dear Futur Historian-Enter Shikari 4)Wild Child-WASP 5)Snuff-Slipknot 6)The Hell I Overcame-Bad Omens 7)If It Means a Lot To You-ADTR 8)Christian Woman-Type O Negative 9)Jessica-Major Lazer 10)Right In Two-Tool
We usually use gau mutra to cure radical islamic terrorism groups, let us know of u also need this.
Idiot, culture is not what you think. Eating meat, drinking coffee, discussing international politics, violent elections, reading leftist literature, syndicates doing systematic extortion, appeasing Muslims for votes ... don't qualify as Culture.
As bad as he is,we got Radical Evangelical Christians making his behavior the norm.I truly hope his wife is collecting a lot of DNA samples or a cleaning staff and then bury him at a future date.Not only that,the woman that support him think very low of their gender.
Wow, u have been brainwashed into hating the "enemy" like before. I hate the viewpoints of certain types of right wing folks but I don't wish them death. FFS, Far-Right terrorism has done more damage than even Islamic-Terrorism, perhaps focus us on that?
You didn't have the guts to speak against islamic terrorism. Now u r asking question. First speak against thm, then come to ask question. U ppl always support Islamic terrorism in Kashmir.
.@ImranKhanPTI . Friendly advice to the Good People’s Of Pakistan. It’s Safe and good ting 4 Our Nations . Pakistan MUST STOP Supporting, sheltering,sponsoring, training &amp; giving medical care••To the Islamic Terrorism. You Must take them Out of your Country.R U Will Burn•
Again, to each their own. I am happily a Christian woman, who identifies as bisexual. And, EVERYONE has the right to protest - but let’s aim to make it a little bit more peaceful.
That terrorist want live in India and do #terroristActivity in #India we must out that #terrorist &amp;doing #BombSpot in india name of #allah &amp; #kuran #Quran like #ISIS &amp;all #Terrioust #PalgharMobLynching #IslamicTerrorist attacks on #Hindu #SadhusLynched #ExposeQuran #ExposeIslam
I dont believe ISIS r muslim.For 1) when they attack a country, they destroy Islamic relics &amp; the Quran,2)when news showed pics of ISIS praying, they prayed in a circle (NOT facing Kabaa!)3)Their terrorist actions r obviously against Islam.IMO, they r more like hired mercenaries
r u saying there is no Islamic terrorism?
Being a single Christian woman who's spent most of her life working in the modern "pro-family movement" is as potent a recipe for self-hatred as any I know, and it's only the grace of God I was spared from that. The things people say RIGHT TO YOUR FACE are beyond belief.
This idiot! Don’t you see a #JewishPriviledge when your fellow Palestinian Muslim women &amp; children get bombarded with absolute impunity?
Wrong as usual, Geraldo! A Civilized AMERICA cannot continue to ignore the atrocities if psychopaths who slaughter AMERICANS, CHRISTIANS, JEWS and THEIR OWN PEOPLE. This serial killing Jihad terrorist threat must be eliminated in order for HUMANITY to Survive, Geraldo.
@Number10gov I'm totally sick of these politically expedient statements after every attack by Islam on humanity.
No we are not and stop speaking on behalf all the Muslims you idiot
Some idiot Muslims did not follow the instructions of govt. and when bursted corona bomb, now people like you are trying to secure them and want to pass the buck to govt. We understand your sweet conspircies.
He forgets that muslim terrorists/fanatics like ISIS,Taliban,qaeda etc kill many muslims &amp; even babies, also blast mosques but never burn/deface Quran.
Lashkar-e-Taiba Jaish-e-MOHOMMED ISIS Alqaeda Boko haram Hezbollah PLO Hamas Taliban Tell me what all the above mentioned Terrorist Organization have in common I'll give U a hint it's D religion dey follow,now answer let's C if U R honest (one of the commandment of the Quran)
Yea, back to the Muslims, we are in huge trouble if the liberal idiots get back in charge. I guess you don’t learn very fast.
O hello idiot, these are the same Muslims who give you ride to the top by there horses and even on there back. Have some shame.
@_enzk @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch For example, 80% of all civilians killed in Afghanistan are killed by Taliban.
I already said I wouldn't protest b/c I hold no animosity towards Muslims. And if you're talking about police brutality, I definitely wouldn't make it about race. Honestly man, you're an idiot.
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere Yes, those millions that won't let women drive in Saudi, vote in Kuwait, and cut their clits all over.
Not at all... you have decide that NK represents Jews. You must be insane to claim that. Same as Al Qaida represents all Arabs and ISIS represents all Muslim world. Like I said idiots don't disappear they are replaced by others.
So you don't have an answer for why muslims hate kalam sab. It's ok. All idiots and bigots hated him. Mohammed should be no different.
Don't it all wrong, it should something like this. Due to Muslims covering, there is less death of Muslims than anyone. Dont wear a mask so muslims can take over when you all are sick! This will get the idiots to wear one. ..maybe
how can anyone be from the united kingdom and racist? you have to be an idiot to be racist coming from or living in a muslim country! yes, the uk is a muslim country, idc, idc, idc. i deemed it as one, the very same way germany is a country for kurdish/turks!
Idiot! The tweet that you made is wrong. No such regular killing of muslims in India neither the article says so. It's an article against general police brutality. Don't communalise. Come to India and see, indian Muslim population grows at a much faster pace.
I can see people have turned this into an avenue for posting sexual stuffs and shockingly even the girls are joining in. Need I remind you idiots you're Muslims and you're fasting ffs
Why don't you scroll down and find one of those so called fake muslims advocating for literal jihad. He's right on this thread. Tell me he's fake. Also I've done more to support palestinian rights than you have dreamed of idiot. But sure keep moving the goalposts.
That’s right, anything muslims do for you idiots is never enough. Just like Mughals did you all a favor by keeping you all as their servants, and letting you all work in the crops. Lol
I again iterate u support those terrorists either by waging soft jihad in social media ( wht u doing right now) or march with candles, stage dharna or destroy public property. All Bcoz of ummah. u see , ur ummah is nothing but brotherhood to only Muslims! Where is humanity?
This tweet relies on your association of hijab with radical Islam, suggesting that someone who wears the hijab CAN'T support American values, which promotes the idea that white Christians are the only ones who can be trusted. I hope u understand that's both HARMFUL and RACIST.
My sister works for a Christian Woman's Group and proclaims, all the time, how much she is doing for others. Then she posts her support for #45 and his leadership at the Right to Life march. She totally doesn't see they hypocrisy!
Mon lynching by Hindus r not Islamic terrorism but its hindu terrorism on the name of Gao Mata. Y don't u speak abt this terrorism by Hindus
This is what happens when you ask idiots to speak on your behalf Tik Tok is Chinese Tik Tok is suspected (not without reason) of data theft What does this ban have to do with one being Muslim ? Never ask an idiot to use logic They usually fail &amp; badly Example below !
It seems that your Jihad is terrorism. Because all terrorists who are threats to humanity say that they are Jihadi. Is disturbing peace part of Jihad?
@SirajZarook @OdiniaInvictus @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime Because of Muslim hatred there will soon be no Jews, Christians, Yezidis in ME.
You must be crazy! You’re a great example of the ignorance fostered by radical Christian followers. No cure for you. But I have faith that good will trample the evil you are spewing. No true God would support you. Hell welcomes you and yours.
Maybe I just need a good ole Christian woman in my life. Churches are still open right?
Secular fake atheist come to give u lecture on human rights specially to hindus but when u will ask them to tell abt what's happening in Syria Iraq yemen somalia Afghanistan They will not speak a single word on them On radical Islamic terrorism
I’m a Christian woman &amp; not going to pretend that I can cast a stone, but y would a woman like yourself b defending a man who says women should be treated like crap &amp; men have the right to grab you “by the pussy?” What would u do if a stranger did that?
SIR I STAND WITH PALESTINE NOT JUST BCS IM MUSLIM OR WHAT. ITS ABT HUMANITY. YOU ARE SO FKG DUMB IF YOU SEE NOTHING WRONG WITH WHAT ISRAEL HAVE DONE TO THEM. IDIOT. I HOPE YOU READ THIS TOO SIR.
BY THE WAY IF YOU'RE NOT MIGRATED FROM AFGHANISTAN THEN YOUR FORFATHER SURRENDERED TO MUGHALS AND CONVERTED FROM HINDU TO MUSLIMS..ANYWAYS YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT YOUR GRANDPARENTS MY GRANDPARENTS &amp; DAD SERVED ARMY..SO HOW BLOOD BOILS WHN IDIOTS LIKE THT PANELIST ASK QSN I KNW
@harmlesstree2 Who cares who defined it. The Muslims lived off the production of the Jews and left them impoverished.
I don't know the politics of my date on Saturday, but I'm declaring right now that, so long as she's opposed to abortion, nothing else matters for the relationship. Fortunately, she's a good Christian woman so I'm not worried.
Ramzan means doing fast idiot!! What celebration in this?? Ramzan is not taking out procession by gathering thousands people!! Muslims didn't even did Eid namaz together! Take some sense, if you have!
You just feed right into the hateful rhetoric of people who seek to banish all of us. Don't think that they are going to help you live your best life either. Radical feminists, Christian right-wing extremists and all of those who support an anti-trans agenda want us gone.
You are not bad people. We Muslims know you are different from the Israeli regime. The Israeli regime kills children, like ISIS. Both are terrorists. I hope you are not upset. Do a little research on Islam and the Quran. Good luck my friends.
@_Ibn_Latif @Colonel_Shami The prophet Mohammed used catapults on cities, killing women and children. So you just called him a coward.
Let me give you a fact and end it. He went to canada and started boot licking there for a seat in the elections. When that failed, he shifted his focus to india knowing how many gullible idiots are here who would believe anything that would be anti muslims. You go and support him
@banquran1 @HuwGruffydd What is amazing is how often Allah's revelations met Mohammed desires, but no one became suspicious except Aisha.
Not forgotten you idiot. Not brought out every time Modi is criticized for his mistakes or even blunders. Just as when ever Hindus are criticized for atrocities on Muslims , out comes the Kashmiri Pandit card. Never at other times.
i’m a white christian woman. i believe in abortion. i am pro choice. why? because women have the fucking right to choose without someone’s religion getting in the damn way. separation of church and state. pipe the fuck down you arrogant asshole. you’re giving women a bad name.
You idiots make me laugh. Anything to get the world feeling sorry for you. I love my Muslim wife but I hate the idiology that she once followed. Your thoughts are irrelevant and so is your allah.
Many on the radical Christian Right who support Trump believe Kopp is a righteous man who was doing the Lord’s work. When is @realDonaldTrump giving him a pardon?
Same thing they are doing with Rohingya muslims...why are you not speaking on them....Still 30 cr muslims are in india and Alhamdulillah we are more practicing muslims than you idiots. Ask for safety of Muslims and all hunan, As Chinese are not believe in God. We vl see china..
China has worked wonder in ridding of Islamic terrorism through peaceful education, while USA failed with guns and bombs and torture! &lt;===== the very reason for U.S. department of state to engage itself in lying propaganda attacks on China!
I need to know Do Queer Muslim lives matter ? Or you validate this patronising idiot whose followers advocate killing me ?
BLM. A racist org. (Black in the name) with ties to ANTIFA and Muslim brotherhood. You're the idiots taking a knee. While your down there, kiss a BLM boot today! No, wrong again, as usual. Cops are trained to shoot center mass with lethal force until the body hits the ground.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime I just gave you the proof from the Quran and the Hadiths that you are lying.
You Are Abslutely Right Adit Why should we use Urdu a language which can not be understood By anyone even Muslims cannot understand it they jst use some urdu words with hindi then they think they can speak Urdu even the pakistani Idiots uses Urdu words with Hindi And theythink
@zh_ha89 Your religion teaches you to shut up, obey your husband, stay in your house, cover in a tent and calls you stupid.
I am so proud of this woman right here! I've been blessed to watch her grow from a precious little girl in a dance costume to an amazing woman Christian woman. Beautiful inside and out... fantastic daughter, wife,... https://www.facebook.com/HankenDance/posts/10157703995264566
Oh please. When the twin towers were attacked, you guys cried "not all muslims are bad", but now that this idiot does this, suddenly all Trump supporters are bad? GTFOH
@98Halima @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 The Quran was produced by a pedophile, slave trader, caravan robber, murderer.
#Terrorists are shame for humanity #9बजे9मिनट #Jihad
@IftikharAwan Did your prophet rape slaves like ISIS - yes.  Did your prophet tell women to cover up and stay home like ISIS - yes. #Islam
@IsraelZangwill @malnoid_yankee Oh, what's that? Your just a holier than thou cunt on the internet? This is my shocked face
RT @Juliet777777: HOW CAN YOU PROTEST OVER A CARTOON, SILENCE OVER CHILD RAPE PAEDOPHILES? http://t.co/HHxSwpz2Vw @ritzy_jewels @ProudPatri…
I bet the "Christian" woman to his right has a few truths she has never told too @SarahHuckabee
my grandma is a right-winging christian woman my mother is transphobic my uncle gets violent whenever someone criticizes how hes raised his kids my other grandparents are racist the only ones i respect are my brother and my dad and even then i have some issues with my dad
Are you a Muslim? Have you ever asked a hijab wearing woman how she feels about wearing one? Then shut up you don’t know. Before I reverted to Islam I thought just the same as you.....rather than believe idiots like you I bothered to ask them, be polite and respectful and you
@YallaSouriya The difference between the Daesh and the FSA is not that big.  The FSA are also Islamolunatics.
@FatimaFatwa @eS3udi @Just_Nafisa @JRehling Exactly. ISIS follows the Quran and Hadiths to the letter.
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri Inciting hatred is central to Islam in order to promote imperialism. http://t.co/kisCI219au
What difference does that make ? You’re still an idiot if you can’t see that western societies have massive domestic abuse problems and only single out Muslim ones.
#Terrorist has only one religion , they want #Jihad, they are against of humanity, and almost all peoples of this religion is #TerrorMinded, so #TerrorismHasMazhab and that's know everyone, so please #BanTerror and this #Majhab from the world, #PulwamaAttack #पुलवामा
During war, idiot. The quran told muslims to be fierce and make the enemy fear you. Like every war commander ever did.
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Horseshit. Mohammed led 17 major military expeditions, owned 28 slaves, had 9 wives - one six years old.
@98Halima @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj ISIS beheads people because Mohammed beheaded 600 Jews in one day.
pandering to the muslims again. everyone is suffering from the virus you dim-witted moron. God I hate this idiot!
You can’t be a true Christian and support Democrats’ radical, inhuman views on abortion.
Yeah a conservative can't post anything negative ab ok ut Democrats, muslims, or liberal idiots without getting you post took down on Facebook. Muslims can talk about killing Americans on Facebook, but if I say I hate muslims then that's against community standards.
I don't know if you're familiar with UK media in any way, but not a lot of it is Christian Fundamentalist owned. If it were, why would they leap to the defence of a Muslim minority in China? You're either a paid shill, or a useful idiot.
No BJP and owisi both are different Owisi is in support of islamic terrorism where on the other side our modi ji is tend to complete annihilation of terrorists and making our country great again . Stop supporting islamic terrorism u moron .
Mr. Irrelevant, please try to talk on issue which is raised my dear. I don't know why all these shits go on manipulate the matter when they are said/told facts. If tht is Islamic terrorism then I need not tell u which is Hindutva terrorism. Coz u knw tht
Ann Widdecombe- noted racist, homophobe, anti-semite, proponent of "gay-correction therapy" and opponent of workers' rights- thinks that she; a middle class, elderly, white, christian woman, who hasn't worked outside of politics since the cold war... is oppressed. I see no irony.
Blaming everything on Kapil Mishra. If i accept his speech as hate. Then would you agree ●That if Muslim hear some hate speech they start killing ALL the hindus ,based on one idiot's speech. ●The way you are justifying that it is absolutely right for Muslims to pelt stones.
Skeptic you are just avoiding to debate a Muslim on a neutral ground and just doing individual response out of your utter ignorance by knowing that many idiot islamophobes will support you . The only truth is Islam.. Period
@golddinar1 @uygaraktas @Islam4EA When you wake up tomorrow you will find that Daesh reports were as real as your 72 virgin pigs.
Dude you’re an idiot. It makes sense to be pressured to do an uncomfortable photo shoot because she was pressured into it. I GET THAT PART. But what happens after the photoshoot doesn’t make sense. 3 SOME IN HIJABS. FOR OVER AN HOUR. WITH THE SCENE ACTING AS MUSLIMS. DISRESPECT.
Chy-na, Iran, Muslim brotherhood, George Soros &amp; Obama. All their jihadists and usefull idiots programed. Regardless what you call them, our last community organizer fake POTUS have been setting it up for about a decade. Had HRC won, it would have been immediate.
Read his statement. He admitted he is an anti Muslim bigot. And you’re an idiot, someone campaigning against extremists is not “hating on” anyone except extremist. A
And not all Muslims are even darker skinned, a lot of them are light skin. Your point is? The fact that you would use a JOKE to try and justify your islamophobia is mind boggling to me. Delete this. You sound like an idiot.
Lol they are trying to mock sentiments of Muslims by insulting the birth place of ram. Never knew ram was born on taimurs chaddi. Niyog with mongols 5k yrs ago? I still can't get what these two idiots are trying to convey or give message. Sanghis need you guys interpretation .
You guys are idiots . Cannabis isn't a intoxicant. Because our bodies naturally produce the ingredients in cannabis already smh . You woke Muslims need to do more research.
So, @shahid_siddiqui is shielding Islamic Jihadis as per "Taqia" taught by his religion. Did he ever condemn ISIS, Taliban, Pak-funded terrorists who carry Quran and kill people? A terror supporter on religious lines.
Oh sure its falling to pieces. We'll see. 2 billion people claim to be Christian. How many you think have read the Bible and know its precepts? Same goes for Islam. Unfortunately for Islam, a disproportionate segment of the people hold and support radical views.
@fei989 @isra_jourisra War, chopping off heads, raping slave girls, were Mohammed's favorite activities.
For those ISIS terrorists a person who doesn't believe or worships their idea of Quran is an Infidel.For then you are a kaafir and for them even i being a Muslim is a kaafir because i am completely against their idea of Islam and Quran.
Which might explain why he doesn’t believe a Christian woman can be raped. They don’t have the ability or right to refuse, ergo it isn’t rape but a man expressing his rights.
@Kaya786 No, just Muslims having more babies as their prophet told them to do for the sake of population imperialism. #Islam
#solidarity with the Muslim community in Dudley. I am appalled that some idiot(s) damaged the “Thank You NHS” banner by deleting the reference to Muslim, and took down the banner on Stourbridge Road!! The banners will go back up to show our love for all NHS staff This
Dear Christian woman You have the right to choose the man you submit to, don’t choose a man whose value you can’t submit to. Remember you’re a priest, however if you decide to marry, you’ll submit that priesthood to your husband’s priesthood.
Lady Velvet Now Kerala Praveen Attacked in Gulf what is your reaction... Mumbai black tragedy by Islamic terrorism while did u condemned it still I don't know, now you're trying to create hate culture against India and you want terrorism attack against India its never again...
Hate is not welcomed in the Emirates unless it is for the purpose of supporting and spreading Islamic terrorism. Ha ha. Your kingdom is one of the world's top sponsor of Islamic terrorism and u preach others against hate. How do u wake every day with that much hypocrisy?
ISLAM MY Father Allah Almighty Never was, is, nor neither will be a Terrorist, Extremist, ISIS, Suicide Bombers of all the Stupid names you called the ALmighty, these phrases simply are NOT in the HOLY Quran Sharif. Get the TRUTH straight who did this to Hate ISLAM? ANSWER ME?!!
What about the demographic change of kashmiri pandits by Islamic terrorism. Kashmir belongs to also pandits and they want to be with India. If you want azad kashmir then u can shift to POK azad kashmir.
WELL, MATT...ISIS IS IN THE HEARTS AND BRAINS OF EVERY MUSLIM. IF A YOUNG MUSLIM MAN IS TAKING HIS QURAN'S TEACHING SERIOUSLY AS TO "KILL ALL INFIDELS" IT DOESN'T TAKE MUCH TO GET THE ISIS LONE TERRORIST COMING OUTOF HIM. HERE OR IN THE MIDDLE EAST ANYWHERE. IT AIN'T WIPED OUT
I am Chinese, I have some Muslim friends from Xinjiang, I have also been to Xi’an where the main population is Muslims, I want to say that everything you say is false, Stop dreaming you are savior of Asian,idiots
Hatred spread by india world countriesgovt which against Muslims islam religion as their government policy the countries do the crimes against humanity on their own people-Citizens Put the Blame on innocent Muslims Islamic jihad terrorist to escape from the UNO Law of the land
Translation: if they don’t support your radical right, xenophobic, ‘Christian’ ( Christian in quotes because Jesus’ teachings are largely antithetical to your words and actions), white supremacy supporting, anti-democracy, blatherings then you believe they shouldn’t be funded
Ironically, those fighting for gun reform also need loyal foot soldiers who will appeal to the thousands of white evangelicals, radical traditionalist Catholics and other Christian extremists who support gun control. Too easy to paint all members of a group in a single colour.
I can’t read the article because it’s behind a pay wall but I’m just curious about what her stances on women’s rights and women’s reproductive rights as a Christian woman. Thanks
@BDSSupporter The Zionist label is just something scum like you use to attack Jews.
No she’s not. But she is a complete idiot &amp;can’t understand normal thinking if you know what I mean. I dont understand why they let violent criminals out of jail but people going to church (specifically Christians&amp;Jews because Muslims were allowed to go) are getting arrested.
There’s a sizeable Muslim population in the South East and you believe one idiot that there are only three mosques in the region Anyway
@harmlesstree2 The Jews were murdered for 1400 years by rampaging Muslim mobs in Spain, N. Africa, and the ME.
@harmlesstree2 Your pedophile Prophet made it exceedingly clear what his intentions were for Jews and Christians. http://t.co/gVJcnOh5bm
It seems you learned "few" things from the Quran and have not had the opportunity to understand what you have learned. May you get the chance to learn it the right way. Ppl who learned it wrong are Osama, Hafeez, ISIS and all the terrorist outfits.
Pakistan Army ISI Generals are responsible for killing of Kashmiri terrorists civilians Soldiers policemen Narco trade terrorism jihad from Islamic Republic of Pakistan is curse to humanity in South Asia and rest of world
Yes that’s right arabs arming other Muslim arabs for terror. You think a bunch of white idiots are selling and distributing weapons. Arabs have a strong network worldwide. Like whitey would be able to pull that off lolololololololol
#LeeRigby head was CUT off on the streets of London by a BLACK MUSLIM. WHERE ARE THE PROTESTS for that!? To the left: Do not treat the silent majority like fucking idiot's or we will turn on you. By the way we are made up of all race's and creeds. F*CK OFF we are tired of you
Here's the thing; Islamic fundamentalism *is* bad. ISIS is clearly a terrorist cell taking advantage of fear and hatred to further radical causes. The Ayatollah turned Iran into a Quran theocracy thanks to decades of American resentment. Don't try &amp; whatabout this, ma'am.
Human Rights Campaign: A Christian woman kidnapped by Muslims - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/fwntMkFz via @Change
100000% you can even argue that this intermixing (and ofc ill interpretations of the quran) have acted as a breeding ground for terrorist movements - hence why so many wrongfully believe that isis etc grew from islam
#Biafra #US CONGRESS CONDEMNS THE CONTINUOUS KILLINGS BY #TERRORIST #FULANI HERDSMEN IN NIGERIA. #StopBiafraKillings #StopBiafraOppressions #StopChristiankillings by jihad president @MBuhari Nigeria is a British contraption created to enslave humanity. http://africaworldnews.ng/us-congress-condemns-the-continuous-killings-in-nigeria/
Saudi cleric: "sun revolves around the earth." Now you can understand why madrassa graduates have no skill but Jihad.  #Islam #science
This is not a war crime. This was a blessing for the sake of humanity. If you are upset about this terrorist being killed, you support jihad and are yourself a terrorist.
Sarah is the personification of a strong, Christian woman, that is a good mother, wife and American, that puts forth her right to protect the Constitution and the President of the United States, by not avoiding telling fake news how it really is! Love her!
U can criticize every minute step of govt, u can all entire nation corrupt but ppl cant even call out a fact ‘Islamic’ terrorism??
@AatishTaseer you bloody jerk, I know what u are doing in varanasi for AlJazeera.All in India know what idiots like you are trying to http://do.You cheap jerk.Goid to see and hear a dirty muslim mind of journo.
"You can marry in Mississippi or Alabama." That's his justification for threatening a 15 year old. I bet this same idiot will castigate a Muslim who marries a girl the same age.
If you all idiots start raising your voice and unite for the right thing, this country may become a better place for everyone. But, No, You are brainwashed to feel Nationalist if you do Chinese or Hindu Muslim.
This is sickening.WAKE UP IDIOTS OUT THERE. KNOCK KNOCK, IS ANYONE HOME? Muslims started slavery decades and I mean decades ago. Muslims live slavery and want to enslave all Americans. Just like what’s shown in this picture. Why do you think obums brought in the Muslims? THINK
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan They claim, "oh you insulted our religion" and kill them.
There are a few other countries mentioned... But even if you're right about SA, the "ban" didn't ban the largest Muslim countries, &amp; they should call it something else. Or you can admit it's not about being clear, it's about obfuscation so idiots parrot it.
Because they are not Indians but Muslims and not only Muslims but Islamic terrorists and fanatics who risked the whole of India.They have shit where people have brains and vice verca #Terrorists #ISIS #Islamic #Bio Jihad #Mullahs They be booked for waging war against humanity
@megynkelly must be getting a chuckle on this! I watched her on the Kelly File call her out in 2016 on her actions and all she could do is deny as. “Goog Christian woman”! Yeah, right!
No, our Country went down the tubes when you idiots elected the muslim disgrace in 2008
Idiot. If you don't know, don't speak. We had a Muslim Chief before. We had a Christian, Sikhs, and Hindu Chief before. Hindus and Sikhs more because they comprise of around 60-70% of the army probably due to their great population size
Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists r used to Play Al-Taqiya... Emotional-Victimhood-Jihad Bhai-Chara Ganga-Jamuni-Tehzeeb-Jihad+ since it's BIRTH BUT leaving no opportunities for CONSPIRING Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity Kaffirs Wazeb--e-Katl?
one muslim you idiot
U might hv noticed that thr is a surge of Islamic terrorism during #Ramadan. Most of Islam’s prominent conquests to spread the religion across the planet have taken place during #Ramadan.Thank goodness there won’t be any crowds out this year for them to target. #RamadanMubarak
@mir576607189 Looks like a slum, as people are forced to go to mosque at gun point. Daesh are creating hundreds of thousands of atheists.
Your prior corrupt activities are beneath the dignity of our elections Missy "I'm a Christian woman" ( yeah right! ) Were you directly involved in SR or did they set you up so you would do their bidding?
To all the idiots out there. It is a REMINDER of how far we have come and modern day folks better be damn GLAD the Union won. Slavery was a worldwide accepted practice until the UK and USA stopped it and in case you haven't noticed is still being practiced in Africa by muslims
Can u pls curse the corona virus and then the Islamic terrorism? You seem to have supernatural powers.
Tablighis follows jihad or terrorist activities, brainwash against humanity , kill non-believers , kill-bombing innocent children, women and elders and people with no strength. Have some shame !! How can you compare with #JagannathPuriRathYatra
@BenjaminNorton @MaxBlumenthal The voted to prevent the Muslims genocide of Israel.
Well then why did Brazile think she had to right to comment on the republican race in 2016 to the point where this “good Christian woman” fed townhall questions to Hillary
@jncatron @isra_jourisra @AMPalestine Islamophobia is like the idea of Naziphobia. Islam is a religion of hate and it must be outlawed.
This is t problem with white people they will never see their own country how their women are captured and converted to Muslim,how t Islamic laws r implemented in ur city's,how whole Europe is under Islamic terrorism...so take care ur self other wise u will say Allah o Akbar
I do have female family memebers who still support #TraitorTrump the reason : the unfounded belief that trump represents a Christian ‘chosen one’ as reported by certain radical right tv stations and cult radio programs. The fellowship foundation has brainwashed people
It's always the same if we point out the truth we r idiots, if you point out smething you are the oppressed lot... Yes muslims were just rulers just like the Brits...
The prophet Mohammed also had people murdered for criticizing him.  So the Paris murders were very much a part of the real #Islam
@sibelo76 Actually, they follow the Quran and the Hadiths exactly. It's the "moderate Muslims" who ignore  much of their canon.
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Islam is a hate mongering death cult that declared war on humanity. That fact should be talked about.
I dont care what you did when you were a Muslim! Dont give me stories I have not time for idiots I have already watched many videos people recommedned me for anti Islam arguments Most of them were waste of time. I watched 2 hours videos of Christian Prince.I was about to throw up
WE NEED TO UNDERSTAND SHIA KILLING SUNNIIIN NAME OF RELIGION.TERRORIST AIM FOR JIHAD.WHICH MEANS LICENSE TO KILL..HOW WILL WE SAVE HUMANITY
Muslim-Jihadis-Rapists-Looters-Terrorists can't b allowed any RIGHTS in HINDUSTHAN You r BLEEDING Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity since CENTURIES &amp; always associated with Breaking-Bharat Forces to CONSPIRE Ghazwa-e-Hind for HINDU Genocides,Ethnic Cleansing #Jihad_Mukt_Bharat
@harun_yahya Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago and this piece of dog manure, Oktar, is talking about others intimidation.
Ask these dalits if they are enjoying your unique democracy. You can find 100s of these abusive videos on utube.Cast is the name of my Father? You seem like illiterate rss idiot using muslim handle.
RT @AmyMek: #WakeUpLibs-&gt;.@JoeNBC: Islamic jihadis like “ultrafundamentalist Christians” http://t.co/VAnp6y7clr #tcot #ILoveObama http://t.…
Just like u explain the hindutva terrorism pls explain the islamic terrorism.
1. American = Nationality Muslim = Ethnicity Pakistani = Race 2. She is isn’t a static knock off I have no idea how you got that. She is her own character and the fact that people are happy to see her is enough 3. No one said she was the first...idiot
But according to the school " shes a good Christian woman and was just trying to guide you to the right path" this is the same school where a teacher was watching porn on the smart board and then again on his computer with us in the classroom and still has a job
RT @WolfSpirit2013: #US Muslim holiday ‘honored’ by Conn. school district includes animal sacrifice by beheadings http://t.co/g81RDR5ajt ht…
Those are radical Isreal haters and you support them Bob? What is a Christian?
YOU R The Biggest Con Job of them all...Bigger than Trump! U Conned Everyone To Believe U Are Black and U R NOT!! U Are An Arab...With A Muslim Girlfriend Smart Enough To Engineer The Con Job 4 U, An Idiot! Anyone With Brains Rejects U A Phony
@DianH4 Not only do that, but they can dump their wives, leaving them nothing, by saying three times, "I Divorce you". Barbaric.
Muhammad, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, used to teach the idiots who wished you the correct religion + Palestine would go back to all Muslims, God willing, and on
@oni_keji @TheAtlantic The Quran clearly and explicitly declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.  So humanity must declare war on Islam.
@JRehling At that point in time America thought that Islam was just a normal religion. Now we know that it is a piece of filthy imperialism.
So why is the KKK a problem but not Islamic terrorism in Europe and U.K.
You know as a Christian woman, I would like for you Anna to walk the walk, by apologizing publicly about your misinformation and false accusation regarding Catholics worshipping Mary and the Saints. That would be the right thing to do toward us and toward God.
Wtffff, they literally kinda interlink, the amount of times Muslims get called a terrorist as a way of discrimination. Surely the uni would have had to tell you in advance if you could do your report on that, before letting you do it. Actual idiots
RT @RavenHUWolf: Read it Liberals &amp; get a reality check on life! Within Islam your views, beliefs, any democracy system, mean nothing! http…
People who support terrorists are also terrorists and more dangerous, more than 75% Kashmiris today support terrorists and this is just a religious fight in the name of Islam (Jihad) fo no reason, radicalisation, fanatism, nothing else, a big shame on humanity actually
I like to think it’s the radical Christians are behind the shithead. I prefer not to be considered a part of that 100%. I am a Christian and I absolutely do not support him in any way shape or form
@realDonaldTrump Hey idiot, next try a Jewish temple. Oh, and then a mosque Muslims LOVE you . . .
That's right. A dumb woman is the Christian woman of choice. I wouldn't give up my educated wife to conform to your religious standards. This nonsense is .. cant even find any more words. #WDDWM #KINGDOMSEEKER #Silethe .
Polling show majorities support masks, closures, all mitigation. It's the fundamentalist Christian libertarians of the Republican Party who control the country via tyranny of their radical minority and which we've been living under since 2010.
@CherguiaMbark @Nebula1979 I'm not interested in your sectarian divisions. Shia and Sunni are all following the vile pedophile prophet.
National Association of Muslim Police This is a force inside a service 3,000 officers within the U.K. police service Did you know they existed No wonder they getaway with trying to hide Islamic Grooming now they want to hide Islamic terrorism
Your thoughts, your prayers and good vibes are appreciated. So much support has already been shown. Faults and all, she was a loving, Christian woman who did her best to love and raise her boys right. She did a fine job. See you again in paradise one day, Mama. I love you.
Idiot, you hate Fulani/Hausa and Muslims. But you like our Money, even the @GovMatawalle disappointment Good people's of #Zamfarastate to received Senseless human being.
Oh realy? They're killing people in the name of allah.. how cant i say islamic? Did any terrorist praise hindus god or Christian? No but they praise their own god and their doing it by saying Jehaad. So it is islamic terrorism. U cant deny ir justify it we all knw how u want to
you're right. We already have enough idiots in the Muslim world.
@B1236M @riwired @ilhaam673 @BasimaFaysal Look at the size of Israel.  And yet Muslims are slavering to destroy it. http://t.co/v8eV7D61eA
When Muslims tell you Mohamed does not support wife beating (lie), show them this hadith and ask them why he ordered for them to be beaten up by their husbands. He was indecisive about wife beating like an idiot. Ibn Majah 1985
please do not use obscene language what I said is backed up by historical records Muslims belong to Pakistan they must go there just as Hindus belong to India it seesm to me that you are an idiot of first class caliber
The real reason the Radical Homosexuals hate: CHICK-FIL-A SALVATION ARMY FELLOWSHIP OF CHRISTIAN ATHLETES Belief in Jesus Christ. They are at heart anti-Christian. Which is to be anti-Christ. If you are gay and love Jesus, our country or liberty you can't support this!
@dankmtl Yeap, as a little Propaganda Nazi for terrorists you will reject everything that disproves your lies, even thought the numbers ...
Absolute bullshit Muslims invaded India &amp; destroyed thousands of temples forcibly converted Hindus We do not need your sermons If you have the balls tell those idiots you live with to mend their ways
@FarooqSumar @NafeezAhmed @MaxBlumenthal Now the Muslim Arabs are using the Palestinans as their spear point to complete the extermination.
That always happens when someone makes joke on muslim culture ,now that those hinduphoic idiots are getting their just desserts ...you choose to speak now?
World knows Radical Islamic Terrorism... No other thn u people says Hindu Terrorism. now leave in ur own fantasy world.. No one is gone a believe u other thn Radical Muslims..
@obsurfer84 @teenage Yes, you can lie about Islam all you want and you can deny all the evidence all you want.  No one cares about opinion.
"And yet God was able to meet their needs using radical, everyday generosity.” You may be familiar with the call, but each story is very different. This week we are sharing stories from of some of the full-time Christian Workers we support.
i have and i chose whats best for me but saying all else are idiots is wrong neither did i say about your religion you cant say the same about mine
RT @riwired: And every Muslim is a "slave of Allah" the more religious or "Islamic" the more damage and danger there is.@VileIslam  @ORehaf…
Im a Chinese muslim you idiot! Do I need you to teach me what is Chinese ethnicity policy. The westerner said 1 million Uyghurs were captured, that is half of the whole Uyghur labor force. Decent scholars have repeatedly said this was definitely impossible.
My heart has been broken by my white Christian friends, who clasp my hand in prayer, but quietly support racist leaders and anti-black policies. I'm waiting for white evangelicals to throw their blood-soaked sense of American exceptionalism into the radical fire of Jesus' love.
Again the question is if u can't condemn #Islamic terrorism, #maulanas who #radicalize youth &amp; #objectional things taught in #Madarsaas then stop crying #Islamophobia.
@Swamy39 @PMOIndia @rsprasad @TajinderBagga @ZeeNewsEnglish @republic ban @twitter in Bharat. Twitter is run by Radical Christian and Islamist. They hate Hindus and Bharat. Twitter always support anti Bharat, radical Islamist and Christian users
Again, my tweet was directed to Commie Muslim men, looking like weaklings online. Take your problem to the idiot who misled you into thinking this was about the human face, if you've got the nerve, which I doubt.
Chutiye, know something. Muslims do not need you to advocate their cause. It is integrated in their mazhab how to survive. This is why we called zombies like you, useful idiots!
You don't have to explain blocking someone. You don't even have to explain being an idiot who throws false labels at people to get victim points. You might have to explain to your Muslim brothers if you visit the wrong country and get executed.
Aah. There u go. Representative of the world’s dreaded terrorist community (after whom the ignominious Islamic terrorism word is coined) is speaking about violence in other cultures! Lol! Sau chuhe khakar billi Haj ko chali.
You said it. These idiots may even ask for cross examination of Counsulate General hoping it may help them to consolidate Muslim votes.
Spend just ten minutes in a Tory MPs twitter replies. And you’ll see that all the racist, islamaphobic idiots follow them who think immigrants are useless when the first few doctors to die for the coronavirus were immigrant Muslims 1/2
Tweeting about the Muslim brotherhood and turkey and talking shit is good sport, you will have hoards of brainless idiots storming your feed
Mr what's wrong with you u r not seeing whole world is in danger due to redical islamic terrorism and 2nd they destroy our temples, our holy places, we give them equal rights, how about u can u give same to nonmuslims in your Country. Boycottindian product and have cheap china
Hmmmm Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists who r Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians BLEEDING Hindus-Hindusthanis-Humanity since CENTURIES r asking Accountability Hindus-Hindusthanis r awakening &amp; soon we wl witness the CREMATION of Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD @HMOIndia
If she didn't tweet this, you'd think she'd be a normal muslim, headscarf and everything. But here she is defending a Christian wh*re, who made money out of mocking Islam &amp; increased the fetishization of Muslim women. Let the sink hit you on the head, instead you idiot
Which law is decided by me? Are you an idiot? You don't understand sarcasm? BTW the government did decided to bring the Hindus and other religion's people from neighboring countries but not Muslims. Instead they are preparing to kick them who is living in this country for 2-3 gen
Do you also talk about Islamic terrorist groups like LeT, Jaish, ISIS, TALIBAN, BOKO HARAM where young kids are trained to become jihadis by Islamic teachers in madarsa by giving them teachings from Quran. Why don't you tweet opposing the biggest problem humanity is facing today?
Oo idiot You never understand us.we are all It doesn't mean we don't have our nationality. But for us the thing which matter is Islam it means we Pakistani are turkish ,are arabs ,are Malaysians are Indonesians,Inshort we are Muslims and these all muslim states belong to us.
@Habibiline @Jihadii8 Not to mention crushing poverty, endless violence, and legal forced marriage of 8 year old girls.
Why oh why do you like so many other police forces pander to the people on fringes of society the tax avoiders the muslim terrorists the lgbt people the blm idiots but refuse to do what the taxpayers so want you to do police the streets and nick criminals but nope you got flags
He he ur imran Khan is barking abt kashmir u fool..ur islamic terrorism is the cause of the problems that happen in kashmir right now...rss has helped a lot of Christians and Muslims Btw iam Christian
You have idiots over there in the UK as well I see. I hope they use the brains Allah has blessed them with and stay at home! It won't have the same feeling, I know, but we can still pray at home. It is our duty as Muslims to look out for the well being of others as well.
If someone commits a crime against humanity in the name of their religion then they are a terrorist. What you you see far and away or young radical Muslims doing this. Other religions do not have Jihad.
Idiot from where did you get this data separately that muslim and brahmin consumes this quantity of meat..
Two good books that document the depravity of Islam. http://t.co/L4J2wWFMEx
He is. Those people who condemn him aren’t proper Muslims. Look at ISIS, the Quran specifically says not to kill other Muslims and not to destroy religious artifacts, so when people go “the Quran causes ISIS and other terrorist groups to exist” they don’t, they go against it.
what the fuck are you talking about im turkish and german myself and i have NEVER seen a german guy get beat up by a foreign guy without a reason you fucking idiot but i know so many muslim or colored people who have been constantly harrassed or beaten up by police or drunk nazis
I mean you claim Islamic terrorism. I could easily claim u.s. conspiracy.
Nobody call themselves drug dealing Muslims you idiot they know what they doing is haraam these people that call themselves gay Muslims don’t see it as haraam which makes them no longer Muslim
@BDSSupporter Israel is zero threat to world peace. Every Muslim nation on the planet is a threat to world peace. http://t.co/nYbRn19Xat
Is it the northern part of the country you detest? Or Muslims? Idiot!
Meanwhile in Pakistan, 86 members of a far right religious party given 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case @AsadHashim @AJEnglish https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/01/pakistani-activists-sentenced-blasphemy-protests-200117092607998.html
Look brother , best of luck for ur future .no I am least interested in ur personal, professional life. But if u are claiming Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with 1slam, be my guest, I will prove u wrong.
@ingyusarms My point is that there is nothing that ISIS does that Mohammed did not also do.  Both are sick and disgusting criminals.
What more can you say after watching this video. For the idiots who believe otherwise. Wait until the next scamdemic hits, and see if your immune system can handle it or not. As humans our bodies were made to fight off viruses. It’s called having a Strong immune system.
If you support Trump, you are the same as a radical Muslim and cannot be a true Christian.
We have an actual truth to deal with - that there are Islamists bio-terrorists suicide bombers out there to kill the humanity. So called "truth" of a jihad terrorist @RanaAyyub is for the city sewer.
Its people like you who now believe in Corona Jihad are lynched. Media is showing truth. Why Tablighi despite knowing that they are infected choose to spread this disease? It’s terrorist mindset which is always against humanity.
Altogether, we raised $5,270 that will enable us to further our mission in cultivating radical belonging for LGBTQ+ Christians and allies. Whether through financial support or your commitment to this community through service, advocacy, and time, you made this possible.
I don’t believe in polls because they are generally wrong (ie never predicted a Trump win). What’s is right is an opinion not a fact. A true Christian could only support Trump and not the radical democrats
@Hafisabidrees You animals are slitting throats and we are suppose to care that you are offended by cartoons. http://t.co/elEbZtioDk
Idiot.....Godhra Kand was where, a crowd of Muslims incited by members of Tabligi Jamaat, torched Sabarmati Express coaches full of Swayam Sevaks.... India is full of literal Nuts Cases like you...Shame, that your profile says you were a Journalist..now General Knowledge at all
If a hijabi can’t be politicians, leaders, entrepreneurs in Europe just because they’re wearing hijab, then the problem is with Europe. Not hijab. Idiot. You are discriminating if you don’t believe muslim women can be whatever they want just because they’re wearing hijab.
Just like u try to humanize the crime of radical islamic terrorism isn't it @RanaAyyub ??
Arabs and muslims are two different identities you idiot. A lot of the maids from africa and unpaid workers from south asia are muslims anyways so this got nothing to do with religion.
@anjemchoudary @abualiis I hope they just outlaw the vile religion of Islam entirely. They should have done it 30 years ago.
It doesn't matter if you're marxist. You can learn something. Iranian muslims used Marxists as useful idiots then purged them. It very much reflects the way extremists have been exploiting low-info progressives like yourself. They will demolish you when they are done with you.
Wake up USA before it's too late. This Biden will make A Islamic country I u vote this sympthyer of Radicalous Islamic Terrorism. #Trump2020 @realDonaldTrump @SexCounseling @CHIZMAGA
Ok first of all check my posts I do not support trump idiot. Second "conservative" is a general term beyond gop politics. If you don't think there's any Muslim conservatives I suggest you broaden your world. And btw I'm not saying Ali would have def. supported trump I don't know
“Haha you guys have riots!” *shoots protestors with real bullets* “You can’t just all get along because you’re all idiots!!” *puts Muslims in concentration camps*
ARE YOU GUYS IDIOTS????? I CORRECTED THE WRONG INFORMATION YOU ALL SO PRESS ABOUT BTS YET MY POINT WAS ABOUT THAT THE FACT WERE WRONG THAT THIS DOES NOT EXIST IN ISLAM SO I DONT SEE HOW HE CAN RESPECT SOMETHING THAT S NOT EVEN TRUE !!!!! ARE U EVEN MUSLIM????
I support the USA, the religious of the radical islamic republic of Iran, the laws very restrictive for women, christians and lgtb moviments.
@NNdabbour64 Islam is the only religion that has large forces of religious police running around telling people what they must do.
This idiot Ashok swain is trying to create communial tensions between Hindus &amp; Muslims he must be banned immediately. He is an international terrorist. @UU_University you people should ban this man Ashok Swain with immediate effect before its too late.
There is nothing organic about this idiot. H is being fed a Nike Chinese line and working to that check coming in for the lifestyle he likes. Remember his gf is radical Muslim. He has said horrible things about us and the country. Tells you where his “mind” is.
Yes,u are right...NDTV...and didn't u hear over NDTV that Radical Islamic Terrorism people are undressed at immigration even holding level 1 work permit... then...they prove... by making movies...MY NAME IS KHAN...IM NOT A TERRORIST
Again Muslim comes here, you shameless Congresses always smells communal angle to every stories. Thank God you idiots are no more in power &amp; also in future also
RT @riwired: There is no "moderate Islam" Islam is #Islam. #Sharia is Islam, no difference. @itsomar99 @VileIslam @BasimaFaysal http://t.co…
Ghanta one world family. Arjuna led battle against his own cousins. And people like you are useful idiots for the muslims.
wow racial profiling and discrimination against white people in their own country you left wing idiots are doing a fine job of pushing this country to an all out race war how many muslim rape gangs were ignored in Birmingham for diverstiy and fear of being called racists
Btw I saw the same reaction - When a pic of an elderly muslim man helping out an elderly Christian woman was circulating a while back. You may be right, may be we’re getting used to of toxic msgs &amp; when something normal comes along , we question the motive.
You better accompany Habibs and Romilas to become an acknowledged Historian (alas,.... Distorian instead!). Doing research on Muslim's invasion and the holistic approach of social welfare agenda throughout the world, as mandated from Koran and Shariyat!?? Idiot entertainers.
What can you say about this one taken before 1966 ? Adding "before Sharia law" for baits and replies is very nonsensical. Muslims had their head tie and veil long before the British came. Besides, this could be a Christian area. So what does "before Sharia Law" mean ? Idiots! https://twitter.com/NigeriaStories/status/1282373873342853125
@discerningmumin How many Muslims there are is irrelevant. The declaration of war on mankind is clearly spelled out in Quran and Hadiths.
It’s taken two days 4 u to write this statement? Don’t you stupid people realise that Muslims living here are vilified even 4 the smallest of issues? When Non Muslims see that clip, they think we all have the same mindset. I’m tired of this shit. Idiots ruining for the rest of us
But unfortunately the elephant was murdered by two Muslims. So now I expect you to draw a portrait showing how muslims treats kafir including animals so that everyone can share it. Idiot
stop double standard Why u not condeming DALIT HINDUS in pak are denied for ration .... These saints were killed by muslims And THIS IS RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM !!!.... Talk about it now
Is this JIHAD for killings the innocent children and the people. Stop killing the innocent people for JIHAD. Terrorist have no humanity.
I mean, are you really asking me to counter this obviously lie ma'am? As a Christian woman, are you really going to pretend that the right respected Obama? Right here where Jesus can see you?
So many street parties you can see in England but when somebody talks about praying together so many idiots start lecture on social distancing. All beaches are full anyway #Hypocrisy #Covid19UK #EidPrayer #Muslims
Listen to "Episode 55. A view from the right, a young conservative Christian woman talking" by Di-a-logue, An American Mosaic .
@AAlwuhaib1977 @dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ It's great that you provided Arraf's name. Now I understand how these anti Semitic orgs. function.
So can I say “they got Jordan/Lebanon/turkey/Syria........ deny that?” Wtf are you talking about?!? What the Jews in those countries have to do with what happened in Israel?! Perhaps it’s ok to expel all Muslims from western world because of isis? This is your logic, idiot
Nah wtf address the fact that Muslims are being oppressed by Hindus you can't just dodge it by saying Muslims are playing the victim card. You're ignoring the FACT that Muslims are being killed for their religious beliefs. Muslims are being killed idiot there is video evidence.
Stop pushing men into becoming women as it is some okay thing. Seriously enough of this crap. What are you people trying to do? Become an America of no men? That's when the Muslims/Chinese attack you idiots, we need men in all their masculine glory and courage to keep our liberty
How could be CAA anti muslim although muslims are against huminity ex. Each terrorism grp is Islamist Idiot utilise the lockdown time to read CAA provisions Modi is a world leader bcoz he prefers huminity over cast,religion,poor &amp; rich hypocrite like you blacken image of India
The only real genocide happening right now is about indian Muslim. Get your facts right! And look for the word "Genocide" into a dictionary. Idiots copying israeli propaganda. Shame on you!
muslim army’s watch bts eat pork and drink alcohol but you’d see us smi like idiots behind the screens
@End_Bigotry @chezkig1 @edulixavot34 @georgegalloway @AbbsWinston @Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Up your ass terrorist bitch.
That long rant/explanation of his and the comments from his co-peacefuls make one thing clear: If you are a non muslim, you will be treated as an useful idiot and nothing more. Any disagreement, you will be branded a Fascist. The Qaum concluded that Prabha &amp; co are Sanghis!
@SirajZarook No, that is the excuse Mohammed used to rob and murder. He states his genocidal intention here. http://t.co/wWopuMN3xY
If you’re fine with genocide because you don’t like Muslim fundamentalism I’m gonna, with all due respect, say you’re an idiot.
Do story on 1).Radical islamic terrorism&amp;Y Jihadis terrorists k!ll so many people. 2).Y no islamic country is democratic.? 3).Y no islamic country is Secular? 4).Wht can be done to edit&amp;reform Islam? 5).Corona created by the creator Allah?If so,y u believers fear corona.
From a centrist standpoint there seems to be a lot in common with far left and far right. You said China = socialist, you defend them for murdering Muslims to “prevent terrorism, and avoid unemployment”. My dude I prefer to be an idiot and a child than whatever you are
Lame, tired, played out, and false narrative. Conservative Christians adopt more children and give more to the poor than Radical Democrats do. We support mothers and children during AND after pregnancy.
@digvijaya_28 This guy spouted one lie after another and there is no response in this video.  Just typical lying Muslim propaganda. #Islam
Of course, v have a glorious 10k year heritage of which ur forefathers wr also a part of till they, in an act of abject cowardice, genuflected under the brandishing sword of invaders. Wot r u proud of - Islamic terrorism, Halala?
@congressman_aly @Pastle_souls They are not as stupid as you, since Islam is not a race.
@MadDr11 @MaxBlumenthal Your people's struggle is to dominate other people through violence. So fuck you.
@RichardDawkins @AbuelitoSerge Really, Muslims understand this.  They just want to be able to use the name "racism" to shut us up.
Hamas and Islamic Jihad, the cowards they are fired a rocket at a home in Israel of a single mother and her children, Thank God they got out of the house on time, These Terrorists all need to be exterminated, Hamas, and Islamic Jihad are the enemies of all Humanity.
@SelenaKhan14 The crimes of Islam far outdistance any imagined crimes of Israel.
Are bhai mere during a global disaster, when health and labor migrants are our biggest issues, the SC is hearing petitions on name of the country and we're fighting like dogs cats when it comes to Hindu-Muslim and then you say we're not idiots !!
Are you really this idiot? Acknowledging your reality of past, heritage, Hindu roots means forcing one to follow a certain way? Shaming others? Excuse me, I am an Indian Muslim and I am telling our truth not shaming myself. n
Must be another typo. You guys should go make your own site and teach this idiot muslim websites how to translate.
Since 9/11 there have been 31,221 Islamic terrorist attacks worldwide with 146,811 fatalities! Dozens or verses in the Quran call for jihad and the killing of non-Muslims. "ISIS showed the world" Islamophobia ".is not irational for a non-Muslim...new laws against islam criticism.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Every day we get the results of the hatred bred by Islam. http://t.co/FafjRPlI6t
@hassanrahman11 @ToAllahWeReturn One Christ terror group that no longer exist is what scum like you use to rationalize 107 Mus terror groups
Are you kidding us. Muslim rule in India was perhaps was the bloodiest rule in the Indian subcontinent. Idiots, refer to your own muslim chronicles. They themselves boasted about killing non muslims. Get lost.
Because being a Christian woman gives you the right to lie? Because you will be forgiven after you die? After the reckoning?
You people are so stupid!!!just because one police officer did one bad thing??? So we gonna shone the muslims because they "did something'??? If a doctor does something bad are you gonna get rid of all doctors???? GROW UP IDIOTS
This is the shit that happens when you have money and power. I wonder if Tory told people that they would live longer if they jumped off the Falls,how many idiots would actually do it. Because of the vulnerability and stupidity of Canadians I bet there would be a lot of takers.
@obsurfer84 The story about her age came from both Aisha and Ursa. It can be found in both Bukhari and Muslim.
That is not true, I have seen young Muslims from KSA even going in you idiot
It's pathetic really. An adult that thinks that he can convince us he was a muslim once by putting on a blindfold and recite a few lines? He watched a few too many magicshows and started believing the magic was in the blindfold! Congrats you just proved you're an idiot!!
@UmarMal And yet our number and quality of schools are luxurious compared to Pakistan where 40% don't even have working toilets.
Don't u think very soon NATO will kickoff the ass of Turkey after that you all would be forced to join the ISIS Or Islamic Terrorism in middle East otherwise very soon turkey will be converted into another syria Yemen or afghanistan where Saudi Arabia will bomb
Do comedy about Muslims now. We will see. Idiot uneducated women. Why do you support Islamic terrorists for money?
But for u its Hinduphobia isnt it? When kashmiri pandits get killed, when a hindu girl gets raped by islamists, when radical islamic terrorism kill people in the world,u still keep quiet as if nothing is happening;but jump on when some1 says anything against islam!! #Hinduphobic
RT @sudixitca: You say Islam is a religion. I say it is a cult. Islam's activities match the description of crime mafia. You must bust it. …
90% of votes are Muslims who don’t believe in the Assyrian-Armenian-Greek genocide. It just shows you many of your followers are idiots who can’t think about the tragedies that faced the other side
Since when terrorist criminal islamofacsist Turkey cares about the muslims. Did you idiots helped more the palestinians from saudi arabia +Egypt+ UAE And how you help them now by supporting the hamas terrorist organisation in order to use them to facilitate isis attacks in egyot?
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere We are wasting our time with Kelly. She is willing to stab 800 million women in the back just to be PC.
Which is why he was fired by Obama. He is an unbalanced religious zealot, willing to betray the U.S. in order to fight Islamic terrorism.
True idiots. Who you gonna call for help? Blm, cair, Muslim brotherhood or the black panthers. I hope all the good people can get out, but leave your liberal bull shot behind.
@Shehla_Rashid fr your information Shehla rashid terrorism is part of your religion fact check ISLAMIC TERRORISM SIMI, PFI, TALIBAN, HURRIYAT, BOKOHARAM, ND d bloody list goes on, do u hv ny name..u shld b tkn to court fr dis statmnt...
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Japan was the original aggressor.  How does that excuse the continuing barbarity of Islam
Laughing on religion hurts che now? Nd u brand me for being against claim of totalitarian religion. U must be the communal che for islamic terrorism. Dont get so intolerant when religion is mocked,now thats your fake communism.
This is the same as non Muslims labeling Muslims as terrorists and extremists because of ISIS and by some verses in the Quran.Or the same as a wahabi calling sufis grave worshippers because some people prostrate to graves.And then they bring “scholars” to prove their allegations.
To the “Hijabs are a sign of patriarchal oppression” idiots out there. Freedom means the ability to choose, and if a Muslim woman decides that she wants to wear a hijab as a sign of her faith, who the fuck do you think you are to tell her otherwise?
Derrrppppp, there are no statues of Mohammed, you idiot. I'm not even Muslim and I know that.
Of course we'll celebrate our Eid-Al-Adha with much more zeal. That country where muslims's life, dalit's life, minorities life doesn't matter shameless idiots are speaking up to save goats huh, #हम_बक़रीद_मनाएंगे + 'pictures bhi upload krenge' just wait and watch you morons.
Seems like you read the Quran from ISIS that's why you got this terrorist attitude in yourself. Get a therapist bro...and read it once again it clearly says ISIS so you're a student of what's University of terrorism.
Idiot do you think to I've to accept this as my personal mistake or religious mistake. If one , hundred , thousand muslims do mistake , you einstein jumped to "see muslims like that/ this". You need example lol , DM me , why to go even yesterday data , I can give you today data
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov There are over 100 Islamic terrorist organizations. KKK Virtually dead. There is no canceling out.
He's taking his family away from threats of violence not going to another country to abuse there kids. If it was a black man or a Muslim you would all be outraged. This is why I no longer identify as been on the left. You're all idiots and hypocrites.
Hi @nailainayat that's what bound to happen when your government army and press are hand in globes with proclaimed terrorists like Hafiz Saeed and Team. Its time people like wage a JIHAD against these imbeciles and pests eating up humanity. @tufailelif wake up before its too late
HE IS INNOCENT.. NOT EVERY ARAB MUSLIM A TERRORIST YOU IDIOTS!!AMERICA IS THE REAL DANGER!! And Americans should help us to free our brother Khaled.. please. #JusticeForKhaled
@_sara22_ @Number10gov Muslim terrorist execute people daily. But when rare response happens to that provocation they fake being the victims
like they were being bullied and tormented by some radical christian people online and then it got flipped into “hear ppl support p*dos/inc*est”
In other words, “them” is close to a modern day Isis. The Quran permits killing terrorists in self-defence because they have waged pre-emptive war against you, or against Christians, Jews, or people of any faith. I’m quoting that read and enhance your knowledge
Jihad? You people are more dangerous then those terrorists as because your half baked ideas which is totally based on half truths is giving these killers of humanity an alibi. Why do you practice so much double standards in the name of liberalism? Whenever a Muslim is wronged
Gillibrand you just prove to the world that you’re not a true Christian woman. You know the homosexual community is condemn by God right. you should never be the President of the United States because you do not have Christian values.
Hi Norman, my idiot radar has been set off? So, why not explore? Are you seriously implying that the rule of law is exempt to Muslim immigrants? If so, what makes you believe this?
What Muslim are you talking about you idiot since when do you guys think about Muslim people. Talking about Muslim,go help Yemen .we don’t give shit about what you think of Nile we gonna get what we deserve.
I’m envious of the fact that you’re 32 and never been hungover til now, may not seem like much now because you don’t feel good right now but that’s amazing! As a Christian woman myself I’m feeling a little shameful of this post because I can’t relate and I honestly wish I could
U seem 2 hv proofs even d cops don't hv! Share it wid them &amp; nail him instead of tweeting nonsense. Islamic terrorism is a global phenomenon affecting almost all nations; how many countries hv Brahmins (or Dubey) perpetrated terror? I think ur @$$h0£€ talks!
OIII YOU SON IF BICH IM A MUSLIM AND I WOULD RATHER THROUGH MY IN HELL WILLINGLY THEN EVER FBCKING SUPPORT THIS PIECE OF SHT. GO TO HELL IMBRAHIM AND I HOPE YOU KNOW HOW DISSAPPOINTED ALLAH AND YOUR MOTHER AND FATHER ARE IN YOU. YOURES MUSLIM HES GONNA SHOOT YOU NEXT IDIOT
2Thessalonians2, Paul prophesied of a man of sin & lawlessness, “false prophet”, a liar & deceiver whose natural abilities (Narcissistic Sociopath) will confuse people in the end-time POTUS has 95% of radical Christian fundamentalists support, 25% believing Obama is antichrist?!
@AAlwuhaib1977 The Muslim mobs of Bangladesh attack Hindus, destroying thousands of homes and temples. http://t.co/INLiK2TlCP
@shehzilk @watan71969 Those Jews are assholes.  Most Jews are secular and humanist.  Most Muslims are Islamists. http://t.co/GQx6BZAFJ5
@AKasap07 Mullah Oktar is an anti Science, Kurd hating, Islamolunatic.
Really dejected. Humanity is being attacked again &amp; again all over the world. It's time to call for a #Jihad to wipe out the #terrorists
Tramp is a puppet of Ertogan , how can you trust such an idiot .... He let him act using NATOs name for his Muslim Mongolian expansion dreams
This idiot took Baba saheb Ambedkar's name so many times. I'm pretty sure he has no idea about his views. If you read Ambedkar's book Pakistan or Partition, you'll know what he thought about Muslims and Islam.
@obsurfer84 This guy is a Muslim who is lying Mohammed. There are 7 Hadith that clearly and explicitly state that Aisha was 6 when married.
You have so much rage. I don't understand the rage if you have found peace in Jesus. Btw, you don't really know what I support. You assume. But radical Christians do that...assume.
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets We don't want to teach you. We want to stop your Taquiyya lying about it.
@discerningmumin I wouldn't be too concerned about that, because outside the canon of Islam, there is no historical evidence of Mohammed.
Reading and manipulation are both different... U also read Quran and terrorists also read Quran.. The only difference is how u manipulate it.. ISIS kill people and take the name of Allah.. And you all say Allah never says to kill.. Now u say.. Are the two Allah different
So you are saying any Muslim scholar who say earth flat like a carpet is an idiot.
Piers I think that you are an idiot. Why are the Corrupt Midland police that failed to investigate the Muslim grooming gangs , wasting their time arresting a 12 year old? The corrupt police should be doing their real job.!! Maybe they should come and protect you from ghosts??
The most dangerous islamic terrorist and supporter of jihad @ImranKhanPTI who threattened the world for nuclear war in UNGA and violating the human rights continuously in PoK &amp; Baluchistan is surprisingly using the word “Humanity”today.
RT @Greg389: #Islam dominates our crime, prison &amp; welfare system &amp; national security. Why are we still importing it? @PeterDutton_MP  #amag…
What an idiotic clown If it were not for Saudi Arabia, Yemen would be another Iranian shithole. Look at what they did to Syria. We Saudis had sympathies to the impoverished Muslims of India. But because of idiots like you, that would probably not last.
@REMY119 The Muslims have exterminated Christians and Jews all over the ME and continue today.  Where are the UN resolutions?
Definitely Blame Me Unholy People of Islam The Christian Woman of God He Sent To You From America Porn Is Not Acceptable in The Quran Either Mighty Prophet of Islam You Do Read it Right And Kings And Queens Just Don't Want To Obey it or What
@MajorPoonia @RubikaLiyaquat @narendramodi @UN world needs to support india for such great revolutions to to protect humanity and if world will not come out of jealousy and discrimination policy, then terrorist countries like pakistan will keep killing humanity on jihad's name
This law has been modernized for Thailand as a country, not muslims, so they are kafirs for you don't worry about them. Second it's not about you being Muslim it's about you being an idiot human being, keep living in 7th century with your fantasy God and their theories
Listen who ever chanted such slogans should be behind bars. We do not take responsibility of such idiots. I dont know where you're coming from but there is no way a crime committed by muslim is not reported by MSM. I dont give a flying fu.k what you guys do with gobar or gaumutr
And for the white men. I said Muslim. Its an ideology not a race so anyone can be Muslim, which makes you either a racist for thinking all Muslims are a certain colour or an idiot
@AAQ270 @izrinhariri @TheKnowledge A. He wasn't a prophet.  B. There has been no peace for 1400 years.
Lmaooooooo! You actually look like a correct Igbo man. I’ve been waiting for the right opportunity to use that photo. I’m sorry. Vengeance is of the Lord. Be a good Christian woman. Shalom.
@tommydevlin1974 "Mainstream" Muslims are also radicals. http://t.co/X5gSyW8PGB
All dictators always find averse they pick frm e holly books on wic they base to do wrong to humanity! Terrorists also claim that its (jihadi wars) that is why they kill. But the prophet Muhamad s.w.s declared islam afull religion. No more jihad wars!.
@Wonderstroke Mohammed was suppose to be guided by god, and his example was for all mankind for all time. He was not suppose to follow.
#Taliban terrorists killing innocent muslims and call it Jihad. this is the worst crimes against humanity. These cowards must be held accountable. #ISIslaves @Zabehulah_M33 @alemara_ar @AkramhMohajer #Afghanistan
Anyone get off really spouting that Muslim would or wouldn't take over fucking America as if women would fight this fucking hard &amp; just let that fucking happen you fucking idiots same thing with Christianity same thing with any religion get the fuck over it and move on to reality
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime The. Muslims sold the slaves. Mohammed owned 28 slaves. Quran supports slavery.
Idiot outrage is not because he is muslim, its because you never report or condemn such incidents equally when culprit is muslim. You undermine those incidents as journalists if you believe you are one of the journalists.
Please Can everyone see the proof that this Imam of Piss is not a Muslim who claims to be a Muslim what is the Glass of Juice doing besides you in this Holy Months of Ramadan. Just go and remove that on your profile sayin Imam of Tauhid Foolish Coward. Idiot https://twitter.com/Imamofpeace/status/1263064742454685696
Are you majorly fukcing insane? What about the invasion of Tibet? Their threats to Taiwan? Treatment of their Muslim population? Military expansion in the South China Sea? Behaviour in HK? Suppression of all that dare object to CCP policy? Idiot.
If you see a girl being sexually assaulted and your first response is to talk about modesty then you lack empathy and are the biggest pick me on the entire planet. By the way Muslim women cover head to toe and still get assaulted. Idiots. Victim blaming isn’t cute.
Do you see how the actions of a few can make everybody else look bad? It doesn't matter if it's a bad cop, this what you're seeing in the video, some White person being racist, some Muslim acting crazy, etc., etc, It's about perception, one idiot can ruin it for everybody.
Why do Muslims force women to cover up and stay at home?  The Quran tells them to. #Islam http://t.co/NHh9nLaMnP
But instead my speaker is loud enough for me to hear and I'm sitting down cuz I'm right over her room and she finna go to bed soon and I have to keep all my life and energy contained to these two rooms upstairs. Cuz I respect her home and her as a conservative christian woman.
Whole community? there might be some idiots who say too much to counter people like you but it only goes as far as that. As I always say, Ghajwa-e-Hind, India a Muslim country, it only is in Islamophobic's dreams. That's how they are able to spread so much poison against Muslims.
RT @Redeemed1952: 🔵DEMS, the party that kicked GOD to the curb, but DEFENDS ISLAM! http://t.co/CRQJE6vvfT
I will speak for Muslims because I unlike u am not divided by caste and religion. I don't posses venom inside me for people of certain caste. And right now Muslims are suffering in kashmir because of radical islamic terrorism.
Shame on Islamic Terrorism
i don’t say it’s wrong because it goes against trump you idiot. i say it because he got to go to the NFL and make millions of dollars. he didn’t even care about you until he got his muslim gf at the time. you know that right? hes disrespecting a country that has given him SO much
Miss Idiot, Bapu didn’t publish this book, someone else did. Also, if we keep fighting, what will happen to country? You can’t kick 30 crore Muslims out of India. Think if you can. You are cheap person to use these words for bapu.
Because the radical right hides behind the Bible and receives a lot of support from so-called Christians
Some people are just desperate for attention! Also alot of idiots out there think its ok to say the N word cause they are not saying it to black people which is disgusting! Imagine someone saying its ok for me to call a Muslim guy a terrorist just you know not to his face
Even in Europe attacks were carried out by ISIS for reference Iraq etc part of Europe which were affected by Europe. We are arguing here that Quran don't allow terrorism but you do accept it that Muslims are terrorist and atleast in India all terror attacks are done by Muslims.
@ingyusarms God has zero need of our worship or admiration or obedience.  It does nothing for god.
Only Far Right Radical Republicans (Cherry Picking Christians), Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians) would Support a Five Time Draft Dodger over a Decorated War Veteran. Swallowing whole the Propaganda from Evil @FoxNews Entertainment! Country Hating Fools!
We knew that Day 1. Screaming at my tv. YOU IDIOTS ELECTED A MUSLIM!!!
@ErummKhan Pakistani clowns cheering Chinese army who keep millions of muslims in concentration camps. you're really idiots, guys.
These terrorists r the fuel for Hell fire...#PeshawarAttack Is that Jihad?? No! it's just a Terminatory of Humanity....
@Kaya786 A. It's not the fastest growing religion. It's the fastest breeding religion.
RT @KenRoth: Women from Pakistan's Christian and Hindu minorities are particularly vulnerable to forced marriage to Muslim men. http://t.co…
Right after she said something about being a Christian woman towards the protesting/looting, she should’ve went into hiding
Crucifixion, stoning, beheading, shooting, throwing off buildings - ISIS is an orgy if sadistic, gruesome methods of murder. #Islam #Daesh
Unfortunately any nice Muslims we know don't get to redefine Islam in their own image as Muhammad the sadistic child-raping jihad terrorist has already defined Islam as Allah's last message for all time for all Muslims. Muslims must disavow his ideology to reclaim their humanity.
I never said that I support him on everything or that he can't do anything wrong. You do seem to be pretty radical in your thinking though and you base your argument on a "what if" argument: he said that she said that he said...
The other two terrorists caught with him are Muslims and no we are not saying all Muslims are terrorists but someone says all terrorists are Muslims. The shitfest you desire for is in Jihad these evil minds call upon the humanity just in the name of religion. Stop being HATE!
@sweden In fact many Muslim countries have the same odious laws as Daesh. This shows sex slaves are approved in KSA. http://t.co/rlwz0BqUBs
What we can even accept from you Cold blooded ISI And Pakistani terrorists supporter..... U r a bloody witch.... Why these bloody terrorist muslim or Islamic are living in India Bloody hate mongers The Radical Islamic terrorism
Syria: Muslims repeatedly rape 60-year-old Christian woman, then stone her to death https://wp.me/p4hgqZ-Jfo
So cos of these idiots that makes the whole uk racist, same basis all Muslim are terrorists, as long as you did your research
They are radical Islamic terrorists. When churches in Sri Lanka were bombed over Easter Obama and Clinton sent their condolences to "Easter Worshippers". They're Christians! I'm atheist and can clearly see their bullshit agenda. Don't call yourself feminist if you support Islam.
Please inform us how many lives have been lost to Islamic terrorism after Labour helped open the gates of hell in the Middle East? How much Christianophobia around the globe has either seen them displaced or murdered? I can’t recall U.K. Christians blowing up children.
THIS WILL BE REPEATED SEVERAL TIMES IN TUNISIA & INLAND, IF U CONTINUE TO SUPPORT THE WRONG SIDE IN LIBYA...IF U REALLY SERIOUS WANT TO FIGHT RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM, MUST FULLY SUPPORT GENERAL KHALIFA HAFTER &amp; CO-OP W/ THE EGYPTIAN PRESIDENT ALSISSI TO LIBERATE LIBYA...
....while rigging the system to largely prevent Black Americans from thriving: “As a Christian woman, I’m disgusted how black lives are told they don’t matter. This is fascism. Oppression. Tyranny. And we’re allowed under the bill of rights to assemble and fight against tyranny.”
All Kashmiri Muslim are animal way the kill all Hindus hay fak all Kashmiri you idiot and food so you can't give your money ha sand them Pakistan na
Are you goi got discuss Radical Christian Terrorism with him and your support for that or how you help push Russian propaganda?
@LifeInKhilafah The hatred against Jews and Christians and others was begun by Mohammed. http://t.co/FBflCFDLu8
Then, say one thing, in quran, why it is said that to do jihad against kaafir ( Non- muslim) until they except Islam.. Quran says : don't make friends kaafir ( Non-muslims) ISIS, Aalkayda like terrorists group are working on this principle... Why all of you not join ISIS..
he didn't use the word 'queer' for 'him' IDIOT! and please i have read more ambedkar than you. he said that sarvarker thinks muslims will live peacefully within a hindu majority state but HE IS WRONG no matter how much MAXIMUM RIGHTS he give them chuslims will remain chuslims
Idiots on youtube be thinking that if your not a christian you must be a muslim. Or is that only conservatives that think that way? Anyways Pure Genius
Please don't confuse Jihad with terrorism.The term Jihad is used to fight the evils.Islam teaches peace , love n humanity.If these terrorist are on Jihad than why are they slaughtering Muslims as they have killed our thousands of children in schools. Don't blame the victims
@hu_4u Why would I read lies about what Islam is when I can see what it is in the Quran and Hadiths?
Shame on both of you. #idiots. How a muslim Pakistani society can bear such disgrace? #BanZaka
Trump resumed funding Sunni (Taliban aka Quran students and their ISIS Regiment) Pakistan signaling his return to the old pro Sunni Arab (terrorist) trajectory intended to establish the Sharia on the rubble of civilization as demanded by Quran and Hadith
Your Panelist Aman Wadud has history of spreading hate against Hindus and support Islamic terrorism. Spreading fake propaganda is what he does but never utter a word when people get killed due to Islamic terrorism. Silence on terrorism tells his true intentions. Report is Biased!
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Because Christianity is dying out and the Christian world has reformed itself.
@ybahrumi @abunaseeha2 And celebratory shouts of "fuck Allah" could be heard all over the US. Now Daesh pussies will fight real soldiers.
@MrAlMubarak This man is a fraud trying to convince westerners that the religion of hatred, murder,bigotry and sexism is something different
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Every Muslim state is a nasty place if you are not a Muslim.
Idiot half of London is Muslim they don't follow our laws ,perhaps next time you are breaking bread with them you could pass msg to them
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets And for people who are not people of the book you guarantee them death or slavery.
@C_Coolidge The Islamic communities have proven themselves to be violent lunatics. http://t.co/BKXn2tt93d
After watching previous histories terrorist are only muslim . Than tell me Isis is hindu terrorist group they are muslim killing innocent people. saying alla hu akbar killing people. Showing quran so how can you say to change the thinking.
@ameytahl @buberzionist @MJayRosenberg Maybe you should encourage more Jewish girls to marry black men to show how you are open minded.
Um.......He did you idiot. Was sued in court and lost and everything. It went to SCOTUS. Where's the lie Mark??? The Muslim ban was just the first or fifth incidence of TRUMP stoking anger and dividing our country.
I love you and support you and your efforts 100%. My question is how long are we going to let Islamic state and Nigerian terrorists lop off our Christian brothers and sisters heads before we do something radical back ?
⁦@JoeBiden⁩ UR an #Idiot. How can you support that anti-Semitic B****h? #Trump2020 Joe Biden Speaks To Million Muslim Votes Summit With Sharia Law Advocate Linda Sarsour, Touts Muhammad, Vows To End Trump Travel Ban (Video) | Tea Party https://www.teaparty.org/joe-biden-speaks-to-million-muslim-votes-summit-with-sharia-law-advocate-linda-sarsour-touts-muhammad-vows-to-end-trump-travel-ban-video-447298/
Hey shut up you idiot Congress who?A conglomerate led by Nehru, a fake Hindu, Gandhi a good actor under Nehru, which divided the country! Could survive only on appeasement of Muslims and treating Hindus a second rate citizens, bunch of looters looted whatever was left by British.
@Kaya786 And since Islam is a religion of murder, bigotry and hatred, hating Islam is rational. http://t.co/yVoMfK1ytk
Plz ask something for the root cause also.. The Radical Islamic Terrorism is the main problem maam.. Will u say a single word or Assume MuslimBrotherhod.. @sambitswaraj #boycottbollywoodmafia
RT @curdistani: A Turkish Nationalist / Islamist says "well done" to Hitler for his genocide of Jews during WW2 (2010) #twitterkurds http:/…
Just so @PeteButtigieg knows WE WONT BE TAKING ANY LECTURES FROM A SINFUL, BILLIONAIRE OWNED, RADICAL, VIRTUE SIGNALING NOTHING. You are the kind of “Christian” who is all for making Church more EXCLUSIVE, not INCLUSIVE. Someone doesn’t support your life, inclusivity is forgotten
illegal? YOU ARE THE ONE who put the muslim bans, TOLD WOMAN OF UNITED STATES CONGRESS TO GO BACK TO THEIR COUNTRIES. You talk disgustingly about your own daughter. Sick to my stomach! Your actions lead to consequences. STOP being racist and wait till gen Z votes u out idiot.
You idiot, 70% muslim women are molested by their fathers and brothers. You kill your father for property. What is your opinion about this, stay in your limits and talk and correct your misdeeds
Who asks you to stop? please continue &amp; we will continue expose ur selective &amp; one sided approach. You are one of the group of M idiots who can only comment in favour of Muslims,you think only Muslims stay in this country. You never see the daily criminal activities of Muslims.
THE defining issue of american conservatism vs. liberalism is, imo, abortion. it's tied to (sometimes radical) christian fundamentalism in the US, but many support the GOP/trump simply because they claim to be "pro-life".
To hypocritical bigots like you, Hussain (who’d cry over Palestine) Kashmir should only be for Muslims right? Forget the Hindu families who lived there! Hindus who don’t speak are “good” &amp; “woke” but those who dare are from “whatsapp uni.” You’re the real (village) idiot here.
Pakistan Jails Dozens Over Protests Sparked By Christian Woman's Blasphemy Acquittal Serves them right morons ☻
@lIlIlllIlIllI Which is why they win 95% of all Nobel prizes and create all the technology that Muslims use and were too stupid to invent.
Quran never promotes terrorism. In fact no religion encourages terrorism/violence. Islam means 'Religion of peace' "killing a single person is just as killing the who humanity" says Quran The so called terrorists who are shedding blood in the name of Jihad don't know what it is
@RichardDawkins The parallel between the behavior of terrorist organizations and the prophet Mohammed is something I've preached for 15 year
@dankmtl @AAlwuhaib1977 @PeaceNotHate_ Your friends are the Palestinians who cut off gays heads, do honor killings, force Sharia.
SHE'S ABSOLUTELY RIGHT! I'M A CHRISTIAN WOMAN who loves JESUS, well educated, loving, kind, prayerful, love America and Her People. ! I'M AN AMERICAN. I look at the "Contents of a person's heart" NOT the color of a person's skin
@ingyusarms I've spent more time studying and thinking about religion than you've been alive.  I understand Islam perfectly.
Ohh ..then u should change your Perception viewing 100+ Terrorist Islamic Terrorism orga with world's Biggest volunteers organization ...which stand s in draughts ,floods, wars now in pandemic ...n ur orgo bz I. Stone peliting and spreading corona .
@SenateGOP @SenDemocrats @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats If Any of you support the Radical group that is now attempting to tear down Jesus Christ will be an attack on Christianity worldwide &amp; Christians alike. We hold the Democrat Party Wholly accountable to supporting such groups!
@reza_rahman If Quran and Hadith are full of hatred and murder and if Muslims support Sharia, then the problem is Islam and screw leftists.
@SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff @etsho127 Hamas has been launching rockets at Israel forever.
I am not super surprised. I know that most Muslim Islamic Radicalized countries, include Orthodox Radical Christians support Palestine.
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Objecting to this is what the PC morons of Salon call racism. #Islam http://t.co/JsytuXHXTz
@RiosJose559 No, Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.
@CaliphateCop @Saeed6Ali And Hamas trains child soldiers and sends them to get killed for propaganda. http://t.co/nAoJe5oqwO
You're a Christian woman, and you find a Christian guy. That's great. But what if you're ready to get married as soon as you find the right person, and that's not something he's even considering right now? What if you have worked hard taking care of your mental health, and he
@AbouAliZarif @MaxBlumenthal So how much freedom of speech is there in Gaza? And do you Jew hating bigots write about that?
This is kind of similar to Islam. Stalin interpreted Marx’s views and made them into what he wanted. Bit how ISIS for example do that with the Quran. Because ISIS exists it doesn’t mean all Muslims are responsible for terrorist attacks. It’s just ISIS’s false interpretation
Ae chutiy@,we have had enough of you guys. Now it's time should pay for its karma.Don't preach ur bullshit here.this &amp; that.We have nothing against U but #NapakArmy #ISI &amp; #Radical_Islamic_Terrorism forces can't stay in our neighborhood anymore. #FreeBalochistan Inshallah
And u r agent of isis hijbul Al-Qaida the islamic terrorism
What's unfortunate is that the idiot who called you a devout Muslim isn't going to get it.
@obsurfer84 Wrong Jewish tribe microbrain.  The Jews of Khybar had nothing to do with Mohammed.
Trump is Our President. Jesus Christ is our Savior and Lord. It just so happens President Trump is the most pro-life President in decades so Christians support him. PS. Real Christians don't take moral lectures from radical liberals who wear pu$$y hats &amp; yell at the sky.
Idiots are on SM dime a dozen carrying Hindu and Muslim names. Their comments are mainly aimed at being so outrageous that they get noticed. Best is to ignore them. You dont need any certificate from these idiots. Ignore.
@harmlesstree2 The holocaust happened in India, where the Muslim scum murdered 80 million Hindus, and in Africa where they murdered 110 mil.
Why are people hurting me when I'm a handicapped Christian woman and a mom? There has been unlawful acts against my ADA, my Civil Rights I've been discriminated through my entire County and 3 cities by dirty cops and I've had murder attempts on my life.
Idiot it's you who play Muslim Muslim game since it's your bread and butter.There is no Sharia law in India, it's http://democracy.No one will get away If found guilty be it Muslim or Hindu.I dare you to break rules in SA and then call the gov a fascist gov.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews But there are very few of those. On the other hand, 2/3 of Muslims want barbaric Sharia.
What a disgusting and stereotypical statement. The guys an idiot for writing that and I feel bad for you if thats how you think. I'm Muslim and I always pray for peace and equality for everyone regardless their religion, culture, caste.
Half the world's jihadis support trump after his hard work trying to please erdogan denying genocides on millions of Christians and his support for Saud the world's biggest spreaders of radical Islam and terror. Trump or Warren it's a choice between two evils
Before spreading your hate towards muslim, you must check the facts. The accused name is Nand Lal and he is Hindu. Hence Hindu has killed a Cow !! Idiots
We know now that, Real Christians do not support the Orange Antichrist...and the religious, radical, delusional, evil frauds...do. See List of Religious Frauds Fraudklin Graham Jerry Fakewell Jr. Fraudla White Mike Pence Krazye West Joel O'stealyourmoney Etc...etc...
Left-wing lunacy - One attack and it becomes "incel terrorism". Centuries of constant attacks and there is still no "Islamic terrorism". #incelTerrorism #Islam Oh and speaking up will get u labelled #Islamophobic
What i tried to say is that kosova is not a radical islamist country and doesnt support ISIS nor any other terrorist group,also,there are 60 thousand christian albanians in kosova.
@iAmCaticorn @CherguiaMbark The Hadiths are the Sunnah of the Prophet, microbrain. So you can't throw out the ones you don't like.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter, One man's soldier is another man's oppressor? Oh we already know that @shahfaesal thats exactly definition of #Jihad against #Kafirs @_NAN_DINI humanity is looking beyond #KAFIRS
The wall only force women to change their strategy to obtain resources without effort and responsibility. When the age reaches, many say they're conservative, christian and republican to find a husband to support them. if that doesn't work, they become radical feminists at once +
Those who are talking about human rights in Kashmir. In the case of #Christian Woman Asia Biwi where Does Human Rights Goes? @ImranKhanPTI @pid_gov #Kashmir #Imrankhan #Beggars #Pakistan #bhikhari_pakistan #bhikhari @geonews_urdu @geonews_english @SAMAATV @UN_Women #UNSC
I am just right of center and a Christian woman. I follow more liberals than I do conservatives.. I also follow quite a few atheists and scientists.. my faith,beliefs and opinions are not shaken by others beliefs and opinions.. common ground needs to start somewhere..
i dont date nobody. and if i do ..we married . Ill get a new strap for the right girl LMAO . Until then .. lost and found..yall gon have too share. and my WIFE would NEVER. Shes going to be a nice wholesome christian woman
Dear Ughiyur Muslims, Palestine, Yemen, Kashmir, Muslims of India, Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq and etc.. I’m sorry on behalf of this world. We failed you our government is ignorant selfish idiots. I see ur suffering and I stand by you!
@love_allah_01 Mohammed's first wife Katjia was a wealthy woman BEFORE Islam. So you are lying.
There is nothing wrong with #Muslims praying #Allah &amp; celebrating Eid al-Fitr. Staying home, you still can catch #Coronavirus. If they die, they know it'll be in serving their #faith. Wilding out like the idiots at the #Ozarks #PoolParty. that's a different story &amp; dangerous.
@SirajZarook @OdiniaInvictus @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime A good Muslim is good despite his bad religion, not because of it.
Jihadists rape, stone Christian woman to death in Syria: Christian and human rights groups reported over the last week that the 60-year-old Suzan Der Kirkour was found dead outside of her village, al-Yaqoubiyeh. http://dlvr.it/R8bFkq JPost
My Mother thought so highly of Rev Graham. She would be so angry right now. She was a loving fair minded Christian woman that hated abuse of any kind. I'm quite sure she would be appalled that Christians are standing with #45 &amp; rather doubt she would ever listen to graham again.
@HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri Again, look at this chart and tell me were you get the "a few" idea. http://t.co/QSTtdz57VJ
@brendlewhat @MaxBlumenthal @veganforareason @dhere Christians and Hindus murdered for blasphemy by Muslim mobs. http://t.co/f3aWjksaUz
@CamilleHughes16 @_Watch_Observe_ That's like saying that my freedom is limited if I'm not allowed to kill you.
@Facebook Muslims are coming into the country, killing people and you think that is a good thing. I try to warn people and you ban me. That shows that you are total idiots. @POTUS @ACLJ @JaySekulow @JordanSekulow @JudicialWatch @JudgeJeanine @BrettKavanaugh @VP @Mike_Pence
@SrBachchan Idiot Amitabh bachan you are the Hindu terrorist you support bjp rss who killed innocent Muslim in india
Only if you guys read Quran and teaching of Prophet Muhammad SAW then you guys will know how peaceful Islam is. People just see ISIS, Al Qaeda and 9/11 and think that is Islam. Its a BIG NO ! Those are brainwashed TERRORISTS who have no religion.
RT @PeterTownsend7: #ISIS #Islam PC Puzzle: Converting to a religion of peace leading to violence? http://t.co/TBJUsaeMUH http://t.co/G4xOh…
One. One comment in support of your lies. A radical Christian That’s it. One. AMERICANS ARE SICK &amp; DISGUSTED WITH TRUMP &amp; YOU. #ShesWorthIt
“Islamic Jihad terrorist group claims responsibility on Rocket attack towards Tel Aviv.” #humanity
Who are the idiots that think Obama was a great president? Did you only poll Muslims?
What’s going on right now with abortion is really frustrating. And yes, I am saying that as a Christian woman. As a Christian woman, I’d like to apologize for all of the Christian men and women who are tarnishing the image of God, Jesus, and the Church because of their “beliefs.”
You idiot we are going to make a Shamshan Ghat for Muslims so that the whole country doesn't become a Graveyard &amp; the ground water doesn't get warm( as there might be many Gays 6 ft.under). We are peacefull people ,don't want to feed dead bodies to worms.
Just reminding you of your focus in this post .... so why not remove terrorists in your land and condemn the recent terrorist attack. There is some other Jihad that puts your country and humanity in shame that's being harbored in Pakistan, pls take action.
@congressman_aly All of Islam is blinded by hatred. The religion was built on hatred and intimidation. http://t.co/jpqOlzJRGi
If you don't know Islam then ask a Muslim rather than making pre-assumption fallacy. 7 idiots like your comment
@obsurfer84 @teenage You can blab endlessly about love, but you defend a religion of hate - which is the action of a hater, namely you.
Pagan woman: matted hair, dirty face, titties out. Wailing singing voice. Communication minimal. Might crawl on the ground defensively. Christian woman: Either matronly or virginal. Pale, clean skin. Songbird. Inquisitive, always does whats right, but ignorant of "men's matters".
If you don't wish for a peaceful &amp; equal version of India, where you recognize the need to even apologize to your fellow '#Hindu' '#Indian', let alone, '#Muslim' '#Indian', then it is clear... You're clearly an idiot. And wasting precious earthly resources. Go back to school.
As a self proclaimed Christian woman, how do you feel about lying. Constantly. Right to people's faces. Every day.
You are a Christian woman who works for a man who cheated on his wife right after his son was born with a pornstar who spanked him on his bottom with a Forbes Magazine during shark week and then gave her $130,000 in hush money so he could win an election.
Under your logic the global Muslim and Christianity communities should simply spend their whole lives apologising for atrocities undertaken 2000 years ago, of which they had nothing to do with. You're as much an idiot as you are a racist.
Conservatives like to equate elective abortions to mere convenience to bear Satan's witness. There are 8billion polluters on Earth double since Roe. Christian woman are right to practice reproductive responsibility. Nations need conversion from 1true religions of fertility idols.
#DefundNPR #DefundNPRNow #DefundNPR #DefundNPRNow Americans are sick &amp; tired of financing an audio version of CNN and MSNBC! ALL Americans pay NPR to bash &amp; trash our President, trash only Conservative &amp; Christian values...while they support the radical leftist ideology.
U r fighting Hinduism By the help of Islamic terrorism And we Hindus r kicking your butt Every day Indian army killed Islamic terrorist in Kashmir
@MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 @buttercupashby There is no love and respect in the Quran. It is full of hatred, bigotry, sexism and incitement to murder.
Terrorist groups have no legitimacy or authority to declare jihad. They evil against humanity.
its real funny my dad misunderstands kindness and he's like so that man who saved you...is this a thing. me: naah he's too hot. he's like Shemar Moore hot. he's just nice. deep down my ex is right Im a Christian woman. HAHAHA.
Still not answered the question and herein lyes the problem no body wants to say it but the U.K. has a problem with homegrown Islamic terrorism
Terrorist has no religion, he is neither Hindu nor Muslim.He is the enemy of all humanity. There are principles in jihad as women, children, old men and un-armed will not be attacked.Etc. But you people in Kashmir and Israel in Palestine made fun of humanity. #justiceForGaza
Because there’s no such thing as shiite in Islam it doesn’t exist in Islam just a bunch of idiots who created a sect to branch themselves other than a Muslim !! You’re to stupid to even be on twitter feel bad for the twit who birthed you.
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @BilalIGhumman @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 And Muslims never progress. They are still barbaric. http://t.co/mw2fGIvrkK
Ilhan Omar - " I am so happy that you American Idiots have accepted me, a devout member of the Muslim Brotherhood, into your Government so I can undermine and destroy your country every chance I get"
I am a straight, Catholic, Christian woman who believes in lgbtq+ rights. If you don’t like that unfollow me. And for the lgbtq+ community, I love you all for who you are. #HappyPride
@kayleighmcenany I knew there was a reason I liked you right from the start.... Christian woman....as Sarah Sanders..thank you for all you do. God Bless you and your family and keep you safe.
@DianH4 So we bombed Hitler and various dictators because they refused to be slaves? Muslims need to get a grip on reality.
No, it's not an insult. This is an insult: You're an idiot for thinking I believe classical scholars are on the same level as Muslims of today. My argument was that including false opinions to refute them is NEVER a case of "mixing truth with falsehood".
Lol idiot! You understand it has both sanghis and Islamists not allowed written..sanghis meaning extremist Hindutva supporters and Islamists meaning extremist muslims...so basically religious fanatics of 'any' religion not allowed!
Why the hell partition in the first place idiot if unification was the end goal. Muslims would have got majority in undivided India already, given the TFR and could have done your gajwah. Instead what you got was partion of pakistan and the biggest surrender after WW2
@MarkACollett Regarding the Muslim who killed the women. One idiot should not swipe the brush over all Muslims. Again I do not see any pictures or videos here of black people being killed or beaten! Where are those people or is it only the white person that matters to you?
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 I don't give a shit about what the Talmud says because  Jews all live under secular laws not under Talmud.
As a Christian woman, I do not think that I would personally ever have an abortion. BUT that does not mean that I, or anyone, has the right to prevent women in different circumstances from doing so. This is a secular nation, and RELIGION HAS NO PLACE IN GOVERNMENT. #WomensRights
@islam4libya5 @IslamRevlution @BintStranger Islam was designed to benefit 7th cent Bedouin thugs, rapist, murderers, slavers,caravan robbers
@sardesairajdeep @BDUTT STOP SHIELD TERRORIST WTH NONSENSE OF JIHAD JOHN AVENGE RUSSIA ATTACK SIRIYA GOD FORBIDDEN #ParisAttacks ON HUMANITY
Hey @PeteButtigieg You can't say it's "immoral" for Christians not to support radical environmentalism when you support killing children in abortions up to birth. Until you stop supporting abortion you have no moral authority. http://bit.ly/2Lp3Sta
For Cradle, start with stuff like Forgive me Father, Nymphetamine, Heartbreak and Seance, Blackest Magic in the Practice, Right Wing of the Garden Triptych. For Type O Negative, start with Black No.1, Christian Woman, Too Late: Frozen, anything really from Bloody Kisses to start
If u hate takes over mind Common sense goes to heels He is criticising the Pulitzer People, never highlight the Islamic terrorism &amp; its causes on General People.
Stick to reporting on the Muslim Slums in France you idiot! Hell, French police are too scared to even go in &amp; confront those terrorists! Our Fed police will take care of these terrorists rioting &amp; they will be arrested daily! We love watching police control the pansies! #tcot
Dear @PulitzerPrizes you won't see this photos from Kashmir. If you can stop Radical Islamic Terrorism and to those u r giving @PulitzerPrizes Prize they're terriost.
The call was for a “ban on Muslims entering this country until we find out what is going on!” Those are his words you idiot!
Nope.....white paedophikes outnumber Asian paedophiles by something ridiculous like 500 to 1. It just doesn't get sensationalised because it doesn't give ravists like you an excuse to demonise all Muslims. Tommy has paid for his mansion from idiots like you lapping it all up.
RT @WolfSpirit2013: Obama's peaceful Islam. Islam that "no one" is allowed to challenge, even if it means muslims threatening your life. ht…
See a terrorist, take any action you deem fit. You are Indian Army. You know your duty is to protect India, humanity &amp; peace; not human rights of Allahu massacrers. Go for it. #SaveKashmir from Jihad.
Serious. My brother drinks. So was it him that murdered that woman. Or was it my neighbor who also drinks. Your an idiot for stating all men who drink do this. You can as well say all white people are racist and all Muslims are ISIS and Taliban. Get real..
@CamilleHughes16 @_Watch_Observe_ I don't really care what some Muslims practice.  I care that Islam encourages murder, hatred, sexism.
@kamaalrkhan Abeee oyeee,,,,,,,,,,MC R BC tunee kabhee Islamic Terrorism kee KHILAF Kuch Bola hai HV u guts to say anything no why bcz this belongs to Ur ,,,,,ok 2nd how much money HV to donate for Nation 3rd what u have done for poor people in this Lockdown period gyada gyan nah
Tell me Mr.Jihadi..How do u defend islamic terrorism of 26/11, 9/11, london-spain-mumbai train bombing, new York-paris-denmark-peshawar-dhaka-sri lanka-russia attack?...All the attackers shout 'alla hu akbar'...Is your allah pleased with u, when u kill innocents?...
And most irritating thing is when they project Hindus as violent ppl...r u kidding me? They try to equate Hindus with Islamic terrorism.This kind of comparison n negative coverage is agitating ppl. Hindus co-exist peacefully evrwhre like sugar in milk.wedon’t want any controversy
If #IslamIsPeace why a Terrorist Organization like #ISIS quotes verses from Holy Quran for most of their Terrorist Activity's ? #ISIS says they follow true Islam and when asked for proof, they quote verses from Quran and Hadith
Keep exposing them bhai. We need Muslims like you to educate a whole lot of idiots
Sir you so idiot way you say humanity for Islam Muslim only way not other help Pakistan Hindu justice for Pakistan ok and no one like to listen you no one give you attention you are like a waste garbage dustbin you don't have food also to eat Bean good son https://twitter.com/SMQureshiPTI/status/1261584823946280960
Get out from our business, it’s hard to explain that to you that we are a Muslim, there is no slavery, no homeless. And of course there is no idiots people believe what the media say.
Please, its the month of Ramadan. Don’t be a bloody idiot. If you used your intellect, you would have noticed that this video wasn’t taken during COVID-19. Also if you used your intellect further, you’ll see I made dua for the pandemic to be lifted. Now be a Muslim &amp; say Ameen.
@ummayman90 @wood_brwood333 For example, in Medina Mohammed said, kindly cut off the heads of these 600 Jewish men and enslave their women.
Turn to CNN right NOW! This is so awesome! I’m glad that God wrapped my assignment in the earth I’m Black skin. I AM a proud Black Christian Woman!!! #blacklivesmatter https://www.instagram.com/p/CBb-BqVFTIE/?igshid=5uf8ek95or30
Have you opened any fiqh book and read that female apostates should be killed? Most Muslim scholars have said that It’s funny how you claim to have your own standings when you imitating those idiots like a puppet Proof you never studied urself is that u didn’t know that ignorant
causing trouble how though? he sticks it on terrorists and isis types, he's not troubling the odd muslim family eating is he. worst thing he done was jeopardize that trial but lets have it right they all got sent down anyway; he's just a bit of an idiot as you say.
This isn't 2002, idiots. This is 2020. Muslims won't keep their mouth shut now on anything. If you spit on us, we'll throw you into the dust bin. #ArrestAmishDevgan
Thank you. We worship Christ we support Trump. Radical leftists burning churches while we can’t even go to them. That was a historical church and NO Democrat said a thing until trump.there’s an anger in this youth towards Christians, we feel it we live it. Loved that he did that.
That’s not Islamic brutality you IDIOT that’s the American and Saudi version of Islam. Did you forget the majority of the of the people that were killed are the real Muslims . Stop spreading propaganda !
RT @The_Rebel_Heart: Islamic States reveals It's Air Force ! Lol Daesh bags Isis Isil  http://t.co/JAgBL5XzeH
I don’t know how many conservative evangelical Christians will admit this, but a massive war in the Middle East is the real reason they wanted Trump as POTUS. The pro-life angle was just a means to garner support from the less radical.
@Israelites234 @scamp_faridxx @CNN The first crusaders were Muslims, microbrain.  400 years before the Europeans headed in other direction.
I’m happy people like you are become the minority in the party, no room for right wing anti Muslim dems anymore. Bye idiot!
Pakistan must surrender POK illegally and forcefully occupied. Else, face the consequences sooner or later. Why all terrorists are Muslims? You bloody idiots and fools Bhikari of the world, Slave of Saudi and sold to China. Read history and know the truth.
Would you like to explain what Hindus are doing to Muslims at the moment India? You are either a fake troll account with an anti Muslim agenda or a complete idiot. You are totally fixated on Muslims.
When Brittany said “the second time my mom got married” I looked at my gf and said right so Sherri isn’t cool with lgbt anything but she can get married 4 times and that’s no fucking problem? I can’t stand the Cartwright women and their “good Christian woman” bullshit
Do you idiots even realize that "Muslim" unity in a world of nation states is not possible nor will it be acceptable to the common people because it will require you to put religion over country?? Before shouting "Islamophobia" to evade accountability maybe think about it!
Hey Rudy why don't you tell us about that official 9/11 narrative fairy tale story of muslim arab idiots with boxcutters hijacking 3 planes and perfectly flying them into 3 buildings while you were mayor. Godzilla or King Kong attacking 3 planes would've been way more believable.
Why do you get so excited when taking about terrorist. You look like you got a new pony for Christmas. Do you disavow the organizations the support terrorist? Do you condem the killings of Christians around the world at the hands of Radical Islamic groups? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tkIgHFXvGSw
DEAR @Facebook MANAGEMENT INCLUDING @finkd , YOU MUST KNOW WHY THERE IS A SENTIMENT AGAINST #facebook IN FORM OF HASHTAGS SUCH AS #AntiHindu_Facebook IT'S BCZ MANY #MUSLIMS IDIOTS POST SUCH PATHETIC DEROGATORY/ABUSING/DISGUSTING PICS&amp; POSTS THAT R OUT OF #FB CONTROL. KINDLY ACT!
Comparing religion with race, this is not analogy this is called stupidity. Hindus are peaceful community, they are intolerant. If we weren't you would be not able to comment like this. There would be no muslim in India, if you can pass your judgment on 1-2 incidents ,ure idiot
Another great thing, I'm Muslim but agree, let's limit chand right generally, but in this pandemic let's me more responsible than the idiot #dominiccummimgs because we are better than that. Thank you Jas.
Go for Yemeni Egyptian stores or those who welcomes you. Steppe has its own sweet Arab friends. Racists Muslims all come from Indo-Europeanists’ subculture. Imagine an Indian-Jew was beaten up in Palestine/Israel for looking like Chinese .Some ppl r idiots for sure.
Why are you continuing, as a Christian, to lend your uncritical support to BLM, a radical Marxist movement with racist, far-left narratives, seeking to use identity grievances as cover to upend society, including replacement of the Judeo-Christian views on family and gender?
Our former president was APJ Abdul Kalam, we respect him due to his vision ,thinking and patriotism for India. We hate stupid muslims like you ,who always spread hatred and try to disturb the peace and prosperity of this country. Idiot
Violence motivated by Trump's white nationalism or hostility towards Muslim immigrants has emerged as a deadlier threat to the U.S. than Islamic terrorism, statistics compiled by the latest annual report of the Global Terrorism Database (GTD) suggest.
U r seeing Islam as islamphobic want to represent it's Islam that is most suffered by terrorism white funding on terrorism and whole Muslim community across the world facing consequence..it was America who introduced Islamic terrorism before that terrorism has no religion..
lol idiots your Kuran clearly says to kill non-believers what proof you need in that ? I have mentioned ss of your textbooks sentence where they clearly show Hindus are the enemy of Muslims. We don't teach religious books in school nor says Islam is the enemy of Hindus.
Publicity stunts lead to popularity. Only a fool will call the RSS popular as most don't even know that the RSS has a Muslim wing. Our PM is an OBC and still idiots like you say that the RSS is a Brahmin org against low caste Hindus.
@comradejotaro @brassidio You didn't recognize the irony of me using your method because you are an ignorant Muslim.
You might think it's ok to chan up muslim women &amp; sell them as slaves but I don't are you a women beater? Read this &amp; get educated we need vitamin D from the sun idiot
@vyas_falgun so you are not anti-Indian Muslims? Just wanted know your personal view as your statement was contradictory "first you said *for* then you said *idiot*" . If you yourself are not loving Indians for being Indian but based on religion, what can you expect 4rm them
Even satan is confused about Muslims who enforce LGBT thing into religion. Support whatever the fuck you want without mentioning religion/claiming it’s a part of the religion you idiots.
Blaming Indians for what is happening to you is like blaming Muslims for 9/11. Kashmiris can't do anything themselves? You are a whole state where are your men? Are they all on Twitter too making paradoxical statements? "I'm with LGBTQ but I don't support homo acts" Idiot.
6. Ibn Asakir, “The History of the City of Damascus” Section: Biography of Imam ‘Ali 7. Sahih al-Bukhari; Sahih Muslim, Vol. 2, 191; Sahih al-Tirmidhi, Vol. 2, 45; Musnad Ahmad ibn Hanbal, Vol. 5, 106; Sunan Abu Dawud, Vol. 2, 207 This is why you shouldn’t listen to idiots
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime So the only way the problems of Islam can be fixed is to outlaw Islam.
It is 100% Islamic ideology from the Quran and Hadith that drive modern day slavery with ISIS. We have modern day slave markets in Libya. The Left, Democrats still back countries like Pakistan, known for decades of supporting terrorist groups. Today they call them militants.
They are that's why you idiots shouldn't look at terrorists as muslims. It's like the kkk proclaiming christianity
This is an anti-people government. Yes Mr.Modi you are Anti-Dalit Anti-Muslim Anti-Tribal Anti-farmer. Bunch of idiots ki yh sarkar Nahi chalegi chalegi.
@CTVToronto These campaigns are all lies that try to portray Islam to the West as being the exact opposite of what it really is - barbaric.
Do you realise what an idiot you're to say that. People talking about how hindus showing concern about black lives is ironical? How muslims do have a similar ‘protest' in India too! I mean, where is extreme hatred coming from? I just checked the tweets of a few of your ‘masters'
What u said is opposite,Hindus are the most tolerant who faced all atrocities of islamic terrorism i from Kashmiri pandit exodus to Bengal killing of Hindus to Mumbai attacks,sanyasis killed so just hurting Hindu feelings everytime won't go very well,Hindus r tolerant world knows
@oldkhayyam @ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal Yes, I hate Nazis too. Got a problem with that?
These liberal idiots have no idea what muslims are doing here. For years they accused north Indians, specifically Hindus. Accusing them for killing muslims (you can guess the reasons and it turned out to be fake). So I guess it's fair to paint the opposite when we have the chance
@AdnanSadiq01 @PTISalarKhan What black and white, terrorist scum? There is zero evidence presented. Are you a madrassa graduate?
Yup, here in Australia we have our own radical-right evangelical-rock-band-Christian who's giving the rich more because they've earned success per God, and cutting support to the poor and aged because oh well, if they'd done better in life, they'd deserve more.
You are so dumb... They are not hindu universities idiot they do not have any reservations for someone from hindu community where there are many institutes wch have muslim reservation... Just bcoz the name has hidu doesn't mean it's a hindu univ.
@congressman_aly I know that Muslim bigotry has driven all the Christians out of Palestine.
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Then he attacked and defeated the third Medina tribe, beheaded all the men and enslaved women and children.
You know what...!! Whole world knew that Islam encourage terrorism.. Nd if we talk about Hindus there.. Wherever u r.(Islamic country) then surely Hindus are not safe there cuz of pple like u who encourage radical Islamic terrorism
Terrorist says they r Muslims they did jihadf but killing innocent people isd not jihad islam teach us humanity and piece #LahoreBlast
@JRehling Since Muslims don't speak out against their terrorists, why should we? http://t.co/95y5hLyP1C
@aquarellerivers Having read the Quran and Hadiths, I discovered that Islam is a murderous, bigoted, sexist, hate mongering cult.
It’s like these people have never set foot in a church! You’re all claiming to be religious then blame Muslims for Notre Dame and Nantes fires but that is the least religious thing I’ve ever heard. Side note, CHURCHES ARE FULL OF CANDLES YOU IDIOTS.
Well, keep in mind that the U.S. killed several hundred thousand people and spent over $2 Trillion to counter the trivial threat of Islamic terrorism. More Americans were killed in less than one day from COVID than died in history from Islamic terrorism. What do we owe to them?
Kind of idiot you're... Haha.. You think all muslims are studying in Madarsa.. So it is obvious that you think Osho is more influential than Gandhi.. I respect them both.. But,Gandhi is most respected above all.. I can give you facts...
The Isis terrorist is going totally against our holy book Quran how they suppose to be a Muslim
@MoAnsar @arennie44 Of course it is #Islam.  The Quran approves of both slavery and the rape of female slaves. http://t.co/axovjYZ8z0
Previously u volunteerly said hindu terrorism but now islamic terrorism so fun for u guys I always believe terrorism has no religion
Idiot, Hindus now respect Islam and Prophet Mohammad just as much Muslims respect Sanatan Dharma and Hanumanji. You have no more credibility in the country and among Hindus than Yasin Malik.
@etsho127 @SumerSloan @PAWarnhoff Furthermore,your pedo prophet attacked cities with catapults killing children.So what are you crying about
#Sushant_Rajpoot_Singh committed #Sucide and people are posting #RIP caption under his Picture. How the Hell a non Muslim can rest in peace u Idiot. Don't just go with the flow, Use you're Brain too ..
U don't give us answer?? First ur religion or country?? Islamic terrorism will kill you noted down..u don't understand..
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Finally, the backwards effects of Islam ground progress in Muslim countries to a halt.
Dont get angry That is what happens when idiots who spend their time on youtube talk to a well informed Muslims You think you are telling me something new Kitab Masahif Forgetting Sura Abrogstion Battle of Yammama My 14 years old brother would refute you
@morasilh @bbcturkce The Sunni Turkmen are genocidal criminals living off loot they stole from minorities. What they want counts for nothing
Idiot as you predicted future .so i was shocked how someone can tell about future than i saw u r muslim and pakistan then i got to know you pakistan have power . See you dont know america is scs and he is finding reason after trade war to attack china . election ka sawal hn
I jumped in and talked about the Muslims because you idiots were degrading the Christians on what they believe in when other religions believe in the same exact thing. So when you belittle Christians by proxy you do other religions. Not that you care.
Your Muslim brothers the people you support and love would kill us in an instant you idiot
Fanatical nonsense. Look, I didn't vote for him and won't in Nov bc I don't like him. (Wrote in another candidate and will probably go Libertarian next.) But you people are fucking unhinged about the guy. You remind me of the nutty birthers and "secret Muslim" anti-Obama idiots.
as to your Tweet Bin, just once tough guy go to any mosque and call the Muslims practicing their faith “idiots”, as you so quickly do to Christians and Catholics on Twitter
@RaniaKhalek @MaxBlumenthal @MotherJones Why not, your doing PR for a bunch of Palestinian racist Nazi head choppers. http://t.co/mrVXZ8O5oK
U mean to say that, there has been no Radical Islamic Terrorism in the world, and especially in the country ?????? Should we call Indian Muslims intolerant based on the acts of radicals, the way you are doing for Hindus ?????
Consider this:- I am myself a so called low caste Hindu. Are you an idiot? You guys have bigotry sanctioned by religion and constitution. A non Muslim can't become a Preaident, PM or even military general. And here you come and lecture us on secularism. Have some shame
A LIAR IS A LIAR!! Christian woman......right!
not all muslims are from islam you idiot
No Neither 4 China nor 4 mentally inverted Ghetto or Islamic Terrorism...it's only for Sane... U try it once...
As a Christian woman I believe that I have the right to choose what to do with my body and so do all of my sisters around the world. Protect our women. Protect our country.
3/ Why was it a slap for OBAMA to put rainbow colors in the White House — since what Morris' aunt is actually saying is that, as a white Alabama right-wing Christian woman, she had no respect for an African-American president?
@AnasMechch Well, Baghdadi is also into slavery, killing gays, executing masses of Ezidis, etc.  They are both bad,but Baghdadi is the worst
That would be being in a relationship where the two parties have a different belief in what is moral or right. For example Christian woman of high character with a bar hopping guitar player on meth. That’s two ppl pulling in opposite directions.
Those who are thinking we are aginst islam and spreading hate we want to say we hate ISIS quran not islamic quran. Pic 1: ISIS terrorist Quran PIC 2 : Islamic Holy Quran.
U removed that man for being islamophobic u should know why he fears Islam and u should do the same. Donald Trump said about radical Islamic terrorism . Till there is time mate, change ur attitude because muslims must not be trusted.
Meghan girl you can be right wing conservative but dang love this GOP is unrecognizable&amp;unreasonable. The policies they are doing are inhumane&amp; as a Christian woman, I'd never stand behind a party that thinks so little over humans after they are born if LGTB black or brown
You born idiot Jammu is also fascilated with 2 g only Stop giving everything hindu muslim title Ask from the residents 4g is not there due to infrastructures issues Before 5 aug also only 2g was there in j&amp;k Dont bluff everything
Ian, that idiot you had on regarding Trump. Do these mad lefties really think anyone who votes Trump, Brexit or Tories just sit here wanting to get rid of Muslims and blacks and hates women and gays? Are the left really that stupid? And Biden isn’t squeaky clean as you said
Imagine it’s 2020 and there’s still people who think that being Muslim means terrorism Fucking idiots. Suppose the IRA were Muslim too? Some of you need to go back to primary school and stop drinking Stella’s..
Oh ! Then what is PAK ISIS attire for ? Raping female children &amp; women, Bombing &amp; killing innocent civilians, collecting tax from non Islamic minorities, false preaching of Quran pak to produce terrorists, selling women and nation to communists for money ?? &amp; finally begging
The question is, how hard should we work to keep the Muslims from killing each other, since they seem so determined to continue. #Islam
dont make pepole fool so why the isis terrorist have one hand quran and one hand ak47 dont make pepole fools zoration parsis dont atack muslim histroy says so why muslim kill them dont make fool i also read quran dont lie muslim kills peacfull pepoles expect peace
Aw god bless you sweetheart. You are beautiful. That is not a real Christian woman - that is a wretched angry old crow! I’m glad your pastor has removed her from any committee positions. That’s a step in the right direction. Keep your chin up and smile
@discerningmumin And since Islam declared war on all humanity. Humanity must return the favor and declare war on Islam.
If Facts are shown on how Tablighi Jamaat and Maulana Saad related hate speeches by the Anchor it does not mean they are anti muslims and Muslims BJP ? Like you so many Prestitite are in Idiot box who only talk against Hindu community doesn't it be Hindus in Tablighi Jamaat ?
That's your opinion , Don't judge what you don't know. If partition wouldn't have happened , we would have been united and all this wouldn't have happened. But this simple thing was missed by the Idiots of Muslim league , ignored the pleas of the Ulema and the result is here.
Yes I know we have to own these idiots, it’s fine I’m not saying you are racist and there is going to be bad Muslims and terrorists, but on this specific ocassion the guy turn out to be an ex Muslim. That’s why I given the article as the reference.
imagine being that hateful, she needs mental help. a good “christian” woman, yeah right. #RHOC
You claim to be Christian yet you support the anti-christ!!! Just another Hypocrite religious radical.
Muslims are idiots why start riots in which you will be main victim they did the same thing in Gujarat some death wish
@NNdabbour64 I know that they are forced into Islam by being brainwashed and never being given a choice.
#UK #Canada #France #Germany #Australia #BlackTwitter #Muslims Huge difference between #Obama NOT saying Islamic Terrorism. And bitch ass #Trump continues to say Klung Flu. You don't tie to a group u ignorant fuck.
This is being said by an Iraqi Christian woman, far right? "Layla from Iraqi Kurdistan told the magazine. Among Christian Iraqis like herself, she said, there is a belief that Sweden will turn Islamist in the future, because of the large immigration from Muslim countries"
@CamilleHughes16 @edbarber101658 @_Watch_Observe_ Then jail any Imam that teaches any aspect of Jihad or sexism. Etc.
@Iz_abdul Islam and Muslims shame Islam. http://t.co/uqgMLy8sfJ
The radical notion that religion and culture are isolated, encapsulated concepts that don't affect each other is such a horrifically effective tool of Christian supremacy. Even people who claim to reject Christianity continue to support and advance Christian cultural hegemony
#Jihad is in full swing... This is not being done by any terrorist group but by normal #Muslims... now u know what it takes to make a terrorist in the name of religion. They'll always go against humanity. woww #Coronaindia #Covid #IndiaFightsCorona
Zakir Naik is a proclaimed offender / monely laundered and an ISIS supporting terrorist. I refuse to watch terrorists videos You are yet to give me one verse from Quran EXPLICITLY mentioning shape of the Earth. All you have presented is mendacious nonsense
@BilalIGhumman @98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 Honest and fair is that Islam is a religion of hate, murder,bigotry and sexism
Europe stoped Muslim entries, mosques r nw under fear ,America deadly against Islamic terrorism's,Islamic countries nw accepting Hindu temples in those countries,all over Asia u will see Hindu temples 1200 to 1500 yr old,even now in Iraq they found Indian daeties.V r Martial race
RT @tummala82: @JihadistJoe @VileIslam #ISISAreMuslims #BanIslam #IslamIsEvil #IslamIsTheProblem http://t.co/UfCm2jNTab
And Pakistani people protesting against a Christian woman being acquitted is also the tyranny of the majority. We live in a democracy. It IS the tyranny of the majority. Women and gays and blacks had rights when the majority allowed them to. A minority cannot remove them.
Sorry where is this hindu-muslim thing came here? I calling an idiot an idiot doesn’t mean some calling the whole Hindus as idiots. Why do you attribute such things to Hindus. What nonsense!
@FarOutAkhtar Mr Pai why r u arguing with this jihadi..is he historian,he him self follow Islamic rule married twice,never talk about Halala,multi marriage,dozen children, Islamic terrorism,madarsa education...he can tell madarsa history only,pl stop talking jihadis.
None of the ‘squad’ need to be in our American Congress. It is not fair that we the people have to support their radical Islamic view, hate for America and anti Judea-Christian ideology with our tax dollars.
I am not muslim .my relgon is indian.and one think i will see every BJP broker's always use anti nationalists word any whare see khan Ali zaman titl than cl some http://word.so i tell you blody broker we are no need any crtfct to u idiot
If you're a muslim supporting halal butchers and international isles at your local tesco, asda etc you're an idiot
Genius, listen very carefully. Do you see the Israelis with the masks. Hmm do you. Ok, there’s Covid in Israel. People be it Jews or Muslims can’t congregate in large numbers that’s why the army was there. If they can’t understand that they can pass it on, then they idiots
Tuskegee experiments are no more you idiot, not to mention when the public found out there was an outrage. “ICE concentration camps” are you serious? Wow...ICE is comparable to CPP killing Muslims in real camps...wow
I am a Conservative christian woman who has been physically brutally assaulted right out in the open 8 times directely connected to Gangstalking and this is the least of the crimes i have and am enduring, where is the exposure of what has and is happening to me
before then; the old "Islamic world" was actually far, far less prone to antisemitism than the Christian world (Jews weren't even "infidel") prior to Israel's re-establishment/expansion, and UK support for the Saudi Wahhabis and their fellow radical salafists was the start. (2/2)
Muslims are trying hard to finish the job of genocide that their prophet Mohammed gave them #Islam #Israel #Palestine http://t.co/GrFVgLmI70
The palestinians are terrorists islamists with sharia, jadh and shahid in the brain like the groups Isis, bohoharam and alshabab...the mullah are also a regime thieves that supports them and the bullshits of quran..
The radical left support all religions and sexual orientations, hardly sounds Christian to me
And what about your Islamic terrorism in all over the world...Islamic terrorism destroyed peace in whole world and u talking about peace in India..
Nobody is against Humanity my friend. Give respect and take respect. When u speak modi to be a dictator (as he's not) I wonder how your isi controls terror attacks with those slutty terrorists in the name of jihad kill people. Does Islam teach killing of people?
@jerZboyUSA @theblaze The reason these politically correct idiots will never solve problem is because they won't acknowledge that it's Islam
Yeah you’re talking about the 1% of police that do that shit. Not the 99% that are good and have to deal with the consequences of idiots I could just as easily say that are Muslims are terrorists but that would demonize and entire religion. But yall aren’t ready for the convo yet
Dear @PakPMO special needs hootiye, please do something to stop brain-dead journalists from calling every $5 Muslim idiot with a weapon 'a top commander' of a pak proxy. You have standards, right? Oh, wait we're talking about Pakistan! The land of converted Hindus! #PKMKB
@ShannonSharpe knows @drewbrees has 0 hate in him, but all sports analyst want to be the most woke. It's ok for @KingJames &amp; NBA to say 0 criticism of for placing Muslims in camps, &amp; if u disagree it's bc you're not smart. Celebrities say is bad &amp; racist, not u idiots.
happy birthday to U @realDonaldTrump sir sir pls kill all islamic terrorism god keeps U always happy and safe
Their radical ideology is why they hate us. That we support Israel is why they hate us. That we are a Christian nation is why they hate us. They have been full of hatred for decades. Being “nice” to them doesn’t work - bribing them with billions didn’t work.
@MadDr11 @MaxBlumenthal And in the meantime the Palestinian fuckers are beheading gays and doing honor killings.
We are muslim we are not arab idiot and we have a history. If you want to know your history, you can see how their ancestors escaped from the British archives. Of course you will know how? You were dealing with photography that was not even orijinal.
as on this is His saying ‘Or those that their right hands possess’. And Ibn Jurayj and Úbādah ibn Nusay, and Hishām al-Qari’ hated that a Christian woman kissed a Muslimah or saw her áwrah [the áwrah of a Muslimah in front of kāfir women is the same as that in front of men],
But you idiot tagged and more also I'm a Muslim
@DianH4 Another cheap Muslim lie. Give me proof of any Muslim that was punished for not being kind to the slave girls they raped.
@no2_tweet Here are Churchill's views about the pedophile prophet. http://t.co/tX7LHgnwf7
#WatermelonSugar I LOVE IT!!!! I think I love it more than #LightsUp !!!! HARRY WAS FUCKING RIGHT!! #Kiwi WALKED so #WatermelonSugar could FUCKING RUNNN!!! AND RUN IT FUCKING IS WHAT THE HELL I AM A CHRISTIAN WOMAN HARRY I DO NOT CURSE IN PUBLIC WHATSOEVER BUT THIS DAMN SONG
Why were you crying when Hindus were rejoicing over converting Babri Mosque to Ram temple? Islam and Muslims face dangers because of idiots like you.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Yes, there is even more rape in Muslim countries but it is not reported.
I never liked the Catholic church but there are many good Christians within it.. They harbor illegal aliens, cover up for pedo priests, donate to radical leftist groups and politicians who destroy lives, and support other evil which is all well documented.
He is Hindu. He has their own agenda to kill Gandhi but he is not terrorist. Islamic terrorism is backed by http://Quran.it says any1 who are kafirs do jihad. Islam has agenda of spread Islam which i think is biggest threat 2 whole humanity.
@truaemusic You are defending the prophet Mohammed and he was a murderer, sexist, imperialist and bigot.
AmericansHate Obamas for supporting WTC terrorists to construct a mosque der& HillaryClinton as she is not a woman of substance,or she wud have kicked her husband wen caught in MonicaLewinsky affair InToday's scenario u have to fight China&amp;Islamic terrorism @POTUS is de best bet
Can’t agree more Just replace the word muslim, with kafir in their speech and you get a speech from any idiot mullah Replace it with foreigners or mexicans and you get a nazi speech
No. NO! You idiot! If you point out the material reality that the United States has caused more harm to Muslims by several magnitudes than China has, then you're minimising Chinese human rights abuses! Duh!
@CavusSeyit @iAmCaticorn People who hate the Nazis are not extremists. And there is no diff between Islam and Nazis.
Oh no....the muslims are getting involved now. Things must be desperate......AND YES YOU ARE THERE JUST TO READ THE NEWS ITS PART OF THE BBC CHARTER. Naga Munchetty says broadcasters are not 'robots or idiots' https://mol.im/a/8393195 via http://dailym.ai/android
Babulal, Muslims are not the problem. Idiots like you are.
not my mom crying that her rights as a christian woman are being taken away from her in america when theres still systematic racism and trump wants to stop lgbtq+ from adopting children.. but ok debra tell me more about how youre being so oppressed as a white cis woman in america
Who r not paid protesters #ShaheenBagh wale 500+Biryani per day d same in #seelampur n many other places of Anti #CAA_NRC_Protests they were funded by Radical Islamic forces, Christian missionaries n communist ideologs n also have support of pseudo secular media n lobbies.
Yes Osama Bin Laden was also struggling for truth that how America is so rich. Bagdadi was struggling for truth that how world believe in humanity. Muslim like u is shield for terrorist, that is only Jihad... Ting se le ke tong, ting se le ke tong !!!
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Mohammed declared a Jihad against all non believers. ISIS is executing a Jihad against non believers.
In regard to the radical left it kinda goes like this. Your being fed to the lions and you get an offer from Attila the Hun to rescue you. What do you do. Me - yes Attila come rescue me. And this is the story of Christian support for Trump.
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab U hv religious sharia law. U give no religious freedom to non Muslim. U hv religious Umma. U pray for Muslim brotherhood. We pray for humanity U never speak against genocide due Islamic terrorism but we do. Ur silence has caused all “Islamophoba” not us
Why do you call this idiot. He is not known in Karnataka. Lost deposit in last election in Muslim majority constituency. In all debates , blames Modiji irrespective of topic as he is dud. Pl for heaven sake don't call these Stooges.
RT @hstapanghosh: Suicide bombing by 10-year-old girl@ Nigeria kills10 http://t.co/jareR5Dzal Blowing up a 10 yr old girl-inspired by Islam…
I do not support any kind of radical elements hindu muslims Sikhs or Christians. I raise my voice against any injustice done to minority and poor sections of societies because my family was one of the victim of such terror. Minorities are living in hell in pak.
@CavusSeyit @EuklidProof @Kobane_YPG As a certified inmate of the Islamasylum, you don't have the ability to judge.
Hey idiots at @PetaIndia - you’re yet to “win” the bet! Waiting for hoardings or even mere tweets that name/shame “Muslims/Islam” for killing millions of goats for #Bakrid. Btw, do you guys employ teenagers to run your handle?
Mr President tayyip erdogan Dear Mr idiot Even the man who creat your country didn't change Hagia Sophia and you asshole try to make a show here Be a Muslim if you are and bring back the ppl rights
It's amazing how unaware most Americans are to the numbers of foiled plots by Islamic terrorists in the U.S. When I mention to my students that Islamic terrorism is a real threat to our safety, they don't know what I'm talking about (and just think I'm "Islamophobic").
@_enzk @NNdabbour64 Most people who become Muslims are either forced or pressured into it, and the children have no choice.
Ok one more scan on the way , like how you helped rape victim family I request all the Muslims please don't donate to this idiot , if you interested please donate directly to the family she is high level fraud
Conspiracy ppl will say things like the government wants you to wear mask to prepare you to become a Muslim state and then say the government wants to track you with facial recognition... the government can’t have both. Which one do you subscribe to you fucking idiot
@ummayman90 Because they breed like rats, kill non Muslims, and force religion on people by the sword.
Support the abolition of late term bloodletting abortion. No Catholic or Christian should vote for pro abortion radical Democrats. Condemn openly the pro abortionists!!!
Am I the only one who hopes her #church boots her right out the door?Cause you know she's at a church every week pretending to be a good #Christian woman. The hypocrisy is just breathtaking.Good luck in your job search, sweetiepie. #SuckOnThis #racist #homophobe
@rico_hands @NAInfidels @semzyxx @owais00 Nothing justifies the existence of any Muslim country.  All Muslim land is stolen land.
What happened in Indore is utterly shameful and perpetrators should be jailed but abusing the whole community and calling them terrorist, using words like Corona Jihad is also as disgusting as that attack on medical staffs. #RIP Humanity. #COVID19Pandemic #NizamuddinCoronaCases
Franklin supports Trump not because he is a righteous man or the perfect president, but he's better than the radical leftist and he protects the Christians and for that reason, I will continue to support him as well.
HE SOUNDS LIKE A TERRORIST LEADER ADDRESSING ORGANIZATIONS OF TERRORISTS KNOWN AS PAKISTAN. JIHAD, KILLING, BLOODSHED NONSENSE. KILLERS OF HUMANITY.
Muslim idiot. Do you actually know any history at all?
@IftikharAwan Really? What are they doing that your prophet did not also do? http://t.co/FAsAWDISlH
You look at Muslim's everywhere in the world they hate Trump, they hate borris Johnson, they hate narendra modi, and all those brainwashed idiots those who shouts Islam is a peaceful religion knows nothing about islam. Whereas Islam is very specific about killing non muslim
bro they’re still going...muslim twitter sucks ESPECIALLY the women, at least the men you know are idiots, but the women act stubborn and say “there are speeches given by sheikhs, i don’t need your advice” or something like that and continue to act like they’re in the right
See this is why idiots like you should be blocked out of twitter how comes you disrespecting a religion like that but as Muslim i have no right to insult your beliefs but i hope you delete or apologize to this tweet
Did you see where she just said Barack Hussein was NEVER A MUSLIM? What an idiot!
#ISIS &amp;terrorist grops hve no legitimacy or authority 2 declare jihad.Thy R evil against humanity.we will defeat ISIS #AntiTerrorCurriculum
I LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP ..I JUST DONT UNDERSTAND HIM LETTING THESE IDIOTS RE NAME TEAR DOWN HISTORY ..HES PRESIDENT STOP THIS SHIT YOU HAVE THE POWER ..YOUR IN CHARGE OF OUR COUNTRY ..QUIT LETTING THIS HAPPEN ..OR ITS TRUE OUR COUNTY WAS SOLD OUT TO THE MUSLIMS THATS WHY OBUMMER
You’re the one who’s nuts. He hasn’t “blown anything wide open” - he’s latched on to media stories and monetised them through his hate preaching. His daughter was ALLEGEDLY molested, and there is nothing to suggest he was a Muslim. Sounds like you’re an idiot with an agenda.
Thank you for this, I think India should present our good more often, as some idiots try to break the unity of muslims and Hindus by spreading only few bad incidents...
First impression of you : an idiot admin in team wars Your nickname in my head : zizou is a nickname already Closeness rating (1-10) : 7 Do I like you : yes You are my : close friend and muslim brother
In 1947 9cr Muslims in India now 30cr. Everyone knows Indian Muslims r safe it’s a propaganda . But u should think about Islamic terrorism by ur these 50 Muslims countries in world. #Jai hind @rohit_chahal @ZEE5News @sudhirchaudhary
The country which destroyed humanity is actually your pakistan who supports jihad and terrorism and nurtures, give shelter to terrorists like osama bin laden, hafeez saeed etc..so in reality your country is enemy of humanity
@jihadi_11 @Shami_IS_back Hopefully the followers of the slave trader, and pedophile prophet, Mohammed.
Jihadi-Muslims-Terrorists r Systematically BRAINWASHED by Aasmani-Kitaab Doctrines of Ghazwa-e-Hind JIHAD for Ethnic-Religious-Cultural-Civil-War against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity to create Dar-ul-Harb (War Zone against Kaffir Hindus ) &amp; Wipe-out to create Dar-ul-Islam
Christian evangelicals take note: @realDonaldTrump just empowered radical Islamist terrorists to rape, torture, &amp; murder Kurds, many of whom are fellow Christians. How can anyone who professes to follow Jesus of Nazareth, the Christ, in good conscience, support #Trump in any way?
Young male congressman wants a child but instead of finding a good Christian woman he somehow falls for a cute brown boy. This is Lindsey Graham kinda Sh*t right here I tell you what
THIS WOMAN IS A DESPICABLE LIAR AND A CON. WHO SWORE SHE WA A CHRISTIAN WOMAN AND NEVER GAVE HRC HER QUESTIONS RIGHT INTO THE NEWS CAMERAS. SHE WAS A LIAR THEN AND IS A BIGGER ONE NOW . SHE BELONGS IN GITMO AND NOT ON FOX.ANOTHER "KISS-ASS""SOROS BIG BUCKS PUPPETS!!
Apparently #15percentpledge is a thing? Ok Idiots, how about the 17% Latinos? 6% Asians? How about all the gays? Christians? Muslims? Where does your god damn insanity end? If you think about the color of a business owner’s skin when you pick up mayo, you’re likely a racist.
What do u mean sir ? U r supporting Islamic terrorism ?
Lol, ambedkar was hindu and Buddhist are hindu also. You bhim army are biggest idiot. Playing victim card just like muslim and Christian Chuttiya bhim army
Really happy for my former assistant @BamaCoachJanese! She lives her life right as a Christian woman and He has provided. So thankful she still has the opportunity to inspire young women. Bama got a good one!
@_Jihad10 @Rayandawlah_ The Islamic Golden age was driven by slavery and looting. The Jihadis are too lazy and stupid to produce anything.
@urgedharry @nyazpolitics @greenlinerzjm If you actually knew about Islam you would know how violent and barbaric http://t.co/cMU60pvE0s
If der,s anyone who is kaafir in true sense it's d terrorists who r killing der own in d name of Jihad.Kaafirs for all relegions &amp; humanity.
Are ppl so high that they use #IslamophobiaInIndia for India. You need to know a lot bro.Ok born illiterate is common butyou idiots always wanna stay illiterate. A-around 300000 mosques B-with 10.9%[172000000]of worlds Muslim population makes 3rd largest.#MuslimloveIndia #India
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood .....80% of Afghan civilians are killed by Taliban. So it is a service to mankind to bomb the Taliban.
@thehill @donttreadonme65 Putin has literally thousands of hired trolls working the internet to shape opinion with Putin propaganda.
My parents already starting with the subtle marriage questions. It’s subtle now but in a couple years it’s gonna be blatant. I got bad news for them lmao. But what they gonna hear is “I haven’t found the right one, a good wholesome Christian woman.”
Does being proud Hindu means hating Muslims? If that's your definition then you are an idiot and have no place in the modern society.
Nice nice, now go on and share some quotes from Quran where its written as you say and do tell me why all the terrorist groups have names like Jaish-e-Md and why ISIS flag has Allah written on it.
It should be apparent to the rest of the world by now that the Evangelical cult has rewritten the meaning of Christian to support their own narrative. A zealot is a zealot, this cult is no better than radical Islam.
@obsurfer84 The ME led the world in development before there was Islam and fell behind the world after Islam.
Those with ak47 are always killed. Army won't worship terrorists. Pakistan infilterates terrorists in India and provide them weapons to fight for Islamic jihad and when they gets killed in gunfights, same Pakistan cries for humanity bla bla
@harmlesstree2 @MaxBlumenthal If you want to understand the lie of Muslims living in peace with Jews, read Ibn Warraq http://t.co/KFsbDefYkD
So tiktok really is a space where you can feel safe, just watching queer people. And then you see this cool Christian woman that supports LGBT+ rights and says how her life was threatened irl. Just because she's supportive. And you remember that you're in the closet. Forever.
I m waiting for the day of your arrest. U r a biased media thug who justifies islamic terrorism.
Hindu lives does not matter to Congress, Communists, Liberando, Lutyen media, Jihadi Muslims, Bollywood mafia, hypocracy fake intellectuals and so on. Please remember it's matter to us. You idiots will understand only when you and your family members will be victims of ...
Jihad means military service, it doesn't mean terrorism, those terrorists use that word for their purposes and whims.. And i didn't sat that all scientists that served humanity were only Muslims, NO, in islam we should be grateful to ANYONE
What a joke. You claim to be a Christian. How can a true Christian support this man child. He promotes hatred, division, racism. He gives radical white nationalists a platform. He's an adulterer, a con. Been married multiple times. Sexually assaulted women
RT @edwinrowe: #Egyptian TV Host: Nobody Dares Admit That ISIS Crimes Are Based on Islamic Sources http://t.co/mzk5YMgzuN Egypt more honest…
@semzyxx Your prophet was a low life murdering, raping, robbing, bigoted, sexist, pedophile.
That fact that you think the actions of another is a reflective of someone who believes in the same religion tell me all I need to know about you. Do you ask christian republicans why they support a man who is a rapist, xenophobia etc. ?
@truaemusic Because more slavery exists in the Islamic world than anywhere else.  And I am very much against N. Korea.
@blastedsilver This is another clear expression of how Islam thinks of women being owned by men.
Also funny you call the left a death cult when you alt-right idiots are responsible for more domestic terrorist attacks and American deaths than even Muslim extremists lmao
It's because most of these imbeciles are hypocrites. And when you point this out to them they get triggered. A lot of these idiots are gonna end up in AE looked after by a Muslim doctor or nurse. Who will probably die of covid.
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood Muslims don't produce Thomas Jeffersons or Mahatma Ghandis. And they don't produce freedom or democracy.
@BetteMidler You honestly believe that idiot who has dementia and just being used to get the office iswhat you want for you family. You know threats kamilka Harris said she was going make. Your not thinking. Muslims will kill your entire family. Get out of the fantasy life
@PressSec is proud to stand as a #christian woman and lie like a rug, right in #Jesus's fucking face. Well, it's White Jesus, so it's okay.
You know, I always had this suspicions that the ones who spoke in the other situation using BLM weren't Black people and I am now confident that these morons aren't Muslims. Because no one is idiot enough to not know their own culture! Like literally!
He hasn't done jacks...t & you know it. He compromised his own citizens lives through xenophobia by banning only CHINA from entering the USA. He did all of this even though he praised Xi Jinping knowing that idiot set up muslim concentration camps. No @realDonaldTrump is a joke.
@Quinlan_Hank Did he embrace Buddhism or Christianity or Hinduism and become a terrorist? No, it's always Islam that leads to terrorism.
U r Exposed Anti Nationalist Anti Hindu Accept radical Islamic Terrorism Shame on u
#GODBLESSINDIA In Bihar, the Bajrang Dal Gundas beat up a Christian Woman in the market after removing her clothes. Where is the World Human and Women Human Rights Commission because the INDIAN GOVT. despite knowing All is not doing anything to stop atrocities on minorities.
@Annegrethe @GregJaffe Yeah, let the barbarians have it and hope they come for us last.
Your statements are too sweeping and not backed up with facts. Most of what you say is apocryphal. Muslims don't bother me, and for the most part are welcome in my Ireland. Sadly idiots do bother me...and they are everywhere...and moreso some have access to keyboards.
Abee oyee how dare u to tell anything this whole facing Islamic Terrorism HV u condem this
Wherever Hindus in the entire Asia including India, Pakistan and Bangladesh, religious terrorists are killing them in the name of Jihad. But the Western media makes news only for its narrator, it has no meaning with the slaughtering humanity. #Hindus_Under_Attack
Burhan wani became terrorist by reading quran Isis follows the quran
If terrorists have no religion than what the hell Jihad they are fighting? Meanwhile "Jihad" is an Arabic word which means to "struggle against evil" but now some separatists and terrorists changed the meaning "jihad means fight against humanity and Hindusim". If Agree, Retweet?
Did you feel the pain? Perhaps so many times was beaten by us. Even before the times of Raja Dahir there were already Muslims here and they accepted Islam without any hesitation. Muhammad Bin Qasim much later. But you idiots don't know the history. Pakistan is conquerers home.
Some where in the world right now there is a thirsty Christian woman hunting at a church singles event.
Man it really takes a while to report all the idiots on this thread being hateful. Disgraceful behavior and hopefully twitter bans you hateful islamaphobes. A happy Ramadan to our Muslim brothers and sisters. Sorry for the hate of some
What do mean by Dear Muslim? They are Indian first when they excercise their voting rights. You are behaving like a typical politicians...#shame Dear brother and sister, forgive this idiot.
I saw some idiots commenting on instagram that it's good that he died because in the movie "kedarnath" he played a role of a muslim boy who forced a hindu girl to be in a love with him. Stop being so judgemental when you don't even know the story of kedarnath.
@harmlesstree2 Today, Christians are still murdered by rampaging Muslim mobs in Pakistan and Egypt.
He must be someone idiot like you and rest of the RSS goons who are killing Muslims to avenge Mughals in India
Moghuls ruled india justly thats why you are still alive and 50 percent of subcontinent non Muslims... had they ben looters u wud ben either dead or converted! Idiots now a days don’t have horns btw
You know you’re being called out when radical Christian terrorist wont support you.
Sorry idiot do you understand what a press conference is? You have to be accredited - looking at your profile I see no complaints about Trump not taking questions so this cannot matter to you. Freedom of speech is not hate speech - see Rebel and muslim shooting in Quebec.
You can call your uncle your dad. Doesnt change the fact one bit. You wanna talk history well I have the table prepared and set for idiots like you. And it's not just about muslim personal laws. Muslims have been given special benifits as if they did a huge favor by staying back
I'm not a Christian. I can agree LGB whatever deserves our compassion for their mental illness but it was nice to know my money wasn't going to support the radical homosexual movement. I will vote with my dollar. As millions of others will.
Thankyou Mr. President. We feel blessed & proud to hv u as our closest friend. America is stronger &amp; safer under ur Govt. just like India is under Narendra Modi. Yes! Together we will beat the Chinese Virus &amp; the radical Islamic terrorism. God Bless India &amp; America forever
your dp bears the glasses idiot. I didn't said but i have issues with the title. Theses were riots hindu and muslim both got harmed so its just not about muslim. Chasma to thik hai you ppl are blind.
@truaemusic And the Christian world got rid of slavery by itself.The Muslim world was pressured into getting rid of it and now returns to it
Now see! Now you’ve shown your true colors Far Right Radical MAGA dummy (Cherry Picking Christian). A racist indeed. You have no problem with rape. You support a Five Time Draft Dodger who pals around with Sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein. Bending your faith to promote racism.
You are allowing right wing evangelicals to co opt the term “Christian”. I’m an Independent Christian woman who believes Trump and his followers are the antithesis of a good Christian.
Oh good. A Christian woman shows up to throw insults. Right on cue. Hmmm. What to say. Fuck. All. The. Way. Off. Yep. That felt good.
She's a big liar who tries to hide behind her so-called "Christianity".....reminds me of Donna Brazile when she lied on Megyn Kelly's show then said something to the effect of....'how dare anyone accuse me of lying...I'm a good Christian woman.' Yeah, right.
Only terrorism is Islamic terrorism and u are one of them ..plain and simple ..
The radical fringe Christians will stay with him because they want the tax breaks &amp; freedom to preach garbage to the Am. public. He’s lost a lot of the more trad. Catholics, although those whom support him try to out Catholic those whom oppose him. The man is the Anti-Christ.
Satan really is using you Faith as the Democrats are the biggest hate group in America that persecutes Christians &amp; Jews, while embracing radical Islam. President Trump is a Christian who all of the mainstreamChurch leaders support. God warned us in theBook of Revelation(Lukewarm
@suranie Exactly.  Merkel is defending this.  And the protesters are called Islamophobes for being against it. http://t.co/08ZwRcTo88
He isn’t saying to teach the hadiths you idiot. He’s making a point that ignorance about what Muslims believe creates the ridiculous ignorance in communities and teaching people what they’re actually about would stop the islamaphobia.
You really wanna get scared, go talk to an old Christian woman right now!
Being a Muslim does not mean you can’t be an idiot.
You know that, I know that. But if that report was released in full, there are plenty of idiots who would target all Pakistanis or even all Muslims. I think we both know that too.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews And your attitude is to let creeping Sharia and sexism into Muslim areas of the west.
China is responsible for the virus, so go cry racism to Xi. While you are whining to him, ask him about his detention camps for Muslims. #Idiot
Why US? Ask you king first to ban India you idiot.
7 Years These Muslims Have Been Stalking Me a Christian Woman of God From America and I Read A Bible So I Am Very Confused Right Right Now Islam Why You Are And Want Me To Tweet For You Why You Have Those Muslim Queens Right They Read A Quran
My standard was pretty clear: It is capitalism. The perpetuation of white supremacist thinking is the result of self-important idiots &amp; a lack of education. Also, you realize Jewish, christian and Muslim are not mutually exclusive to white right? Like you understand that right?
Scaramucci shows his game. Trump presidency on life support, radical Christian right up to bat
@amanda7743 Good tweet. But they actually start selling their daughters at 9.
@SadiqKhan There can't be "too many white men" in a country that's their home you idiot and ant-white scum! You're an outsider who has no right to say that. There are too many Arab Muslims infested in the UK, especially London! BTW, the British people didn't ask for that!
And you deserve prison for being the most most idiot person in the world to follow ISLAM...... Arabs call you Dogs.....And 2nd Class Muslims....Do you know ? If not then do some genuine researches..Of course I am not saying Whatsapp Unsty....Converted Mullas...you know...
Taliban was Sponsored by USA, and Henry clintin Already admit it in her tweet. Isis is still is mistery, what they are supporting and against whom they are fighting. They killed mostly muslims. So, You don't need to prove anything to this idiot. I Told u yesterday to stop it.
@pNibbler @AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal In every Christian nation you can say what you want about Christians &amp; Jesus. Muslims kill for blasphemy.
So according to you one following brahmin rituals is not a brahmin. If a muslim loves a hindu he is not a muslim. Enough brother i cant waste my time talking to idiots like you.
Terrorists will keep coming until the day Islam is ther. U want to stop Islamic terrorism? Stop Islam. How? just learn its scriptures, you'll see how easy it is to destroy without firing even one bullet!
I think all people of all "races" who proclaim to be Americans should protest you, Linda Sarsour.. YOu should be ashamed of what you endorse and support against Christians and Jews....not to mention how you hate America. YOU are the one leading the pack of radical muslims.
@watan71969 A shit sucking Muslim bigot like you wouldn't recognize history if it crawled up your cunt.You think photoshop is a truth machin
@halalflaws @greenlinerzjm @biebervalue Nobody on the Supreme Court had a clue about what a murdering, raping, bigoted, pedophile he was.
Don't speak ill of Indian army, for trust me, they aren't ones you'd ever wish to come up against. KSA - A lousy militia enters, capture 2000, kill 500 and confiscate a vehicle convoy, in Saudi domain! Wanna trade punches with a nuclear power? Idiot.
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Muslim declared war on humanity and their have been murdering men, women, and children for 1400 years.
Lol,calling out Radical Islamic Terrorism isn't racist. N shielding Radical Islamic Terrorism isn't Secularism..... U hv muddled concepts....
Dear Prof Sahab.. Ok the division was very-2 unfortunate but from where these words like Islamic Terrorism have come today? Rather than showing ur dignity as a Prof. you are trying to instigate hate hatred among fellow Indians... Popats like u never deserve to be Prof.. Hahaha
Right there folks. Now that is a good Christian woman I’ll bet
I thought you are Muslim intellectual and NRI. You have broad mind. After all you are a Muslim blood. Idiot, FYI- This Rathyatra of Lord jagannath happened once in a year with millions of devotees gathering.
@teddyboylocsin Mohammed told women to cover up and stay home.  ISIS tells women to cover up and stay home.
Let me get this right. U are a Christian woman who chose a half naked image of a man you idolize to be your profile photo? Right, because that makes perfect sense; that's the example U want to set for new Christian women #closeyoureyesMary #Christianitytoday
No sane person can like the picture above. There are idiots. But does this compare to the video above? And Mahatma Gandhi, woh Muslims didn’t listen to. Secularism which Kashmir didn’t adopt. What are you defending?. The masks are down and it’s all naked in the open
Then I guess you're unaware of all the slavery that's still going on in primarily Muslim countries all over the world and communist regimes Oh plus you're an idiot Like it or not this is the greatest country for freedom for all people the world has ever known
@RamiAlLolah @abunaseeha2 Poor Daesh. Now they can't rape her, torture her, or make an execution video of her.
Why don't you lefty idiots say anything about Blackford, Kinnock, Muslim mayors and police chiefs breaking lockdown rules? They didn't have an autistic child to care for. You're a disgrace to journalism!
sir this bloody idiot 'Thakur Lakhan Pratab Singh' from hindoria spreading communal hatred and posting such objectionable post against Muslims and our beloved prophet on his FB account which is unlawful. We humbly request you to please take instant action against this culprit.
Idiot, who told you? False information. Ask the local Muslim community or Allah if you have link. Don't talk nonsense. India isn't jehadi country like Pakistan.
"Check out Ash Sarkar". My friend, what do you imagine the Right is in meltdown about right now. What do you imagine all this is about. I KNOW SHE'S A COMMUNIST AND A MUSLIM, YOU IDIOT. IS SHE EVERYONE!?!?!???
Pakistan is not country, it s mentality. Mentalilty of terrorfying world with islamic terrorism and chant of ola o bar. Even u can not make temple at home. This is fath of kafir in any Islamic country. Hope some miracle happen to save non muslim in these islamic ctry
Why the Hell are you twisting and turning, many things are made by Muslims, you Dumb Idiot
How you are super idiot why you sitting you home using internet and phone do something right you are fake Hindu idiot love you slamic and Muslim I don't care if you like you can go Pakistan also like you people the good place Pakistan of Burma whatever's you are dog
support of all western Christian free people NO TO THE RADICAL LEFT
Please, someone... Asks for a picture of Ilham Omar or Rashida Tlaib kneeling in memory of Mr.Floyd. THERE AREN'T They are Muslims and don't kneel to no one but God But some idiots keep kneeling as soon as they are demanded to. And say they are Christians Fuck you all
How can u use urdu which is originated here. U hate India. Ohhoooo u love islamic terrorism islamic jihaad...so love is there....hippocrate.
@ummayman90 And you can't use the culture excuse because Mohammed claimed to be guided by Allah and that he was creating a culture. #Islam
Thats a fair question. I think the Iran deal is proof of support for B.O extreme Muslim beliefs at the very least. There is no proof that he was ever a devout Christian. Ive read alot. Giving billions to a regime controlled by radical Muslims plus pictures is proof enough for me
As a Christian woman, it sounds like beautiful music to my ears. I just feel in my gut this isn’t the right move for churches with such a huge gathering getting together. However the way our faith is set up... &amp; the way miracles are set up...
That is so sad. I think I would have tried to save my business but I would of had guns!! And I would have shot them if they entered my store. Life is precious but I also have rights. By the way, I am a Christian woman who just wants everyone to love each other fyi.
Furthermore, you used Maajid as some sort of credible source? The guy and his idiots got exposed by both Tommy robinson and other academics, including his diplodocus report on grooming gangs.
It's a matter of time the Chinese gi after Pakistan. Idiots. If any Pakistani Muslims actually considers Chinese army as brothers, may you be raised with them. You will share the blame of what they do to the Muslims.
actually you are an idiot who thinks you know everything and I would join twitter and mesmerise everyone bcos I follow that blind arab pessimist , I am a Muslim bigot who does not know charvak but take pride in done Saudi who was a deist and not an atheist.
Egyptian woman fights unequal Islamic inheritance laws Case involving Coptic Christian woman comes as calls for equal inheritance rights reverberate across the Arab world.
1. We cared about Pak bcoz had to maintain our integrity which is being degraded by idiots like u. 2. Each govt cared about muslim that's why they get separate budget &amp; facility 3. We held accountable since 2014. 4. You must not talk economy. 5. We trust Ishwara. 6. U r troll
Again to cover up the failings of this Govt you media guys are raking up this Hindu-Muslim confrontation. Even in these trying emergency times idiots like you who are govt puppets will build up this communal frenzy again , knowing very well what can happen again.
And this is why you separate church and State. These idiots lead by their Muslim beliefs and not the beliefs of the Founding Fathers in the Constitution
@CamilleHughes16 @_Watch_Observe_ A Muslim's "religious freedom" involves denying others their freedom.  So Islam must be outlawed.
U r working partner of wid terrorist u give them intellectual support to their jihad,U all belongs to same Nexus,U promote n support radical islam wid the help of ur fake articles in news agency like @washingtonpost,Humanity feeling ashamed wid double faced personality like u.
@ingyusarms Earthly tyrants are also egotistical and want everyone to admire them and bow down to them. So the Quran writer imagined god.
@ameytahl Leave it to some microbrain to get sanctimonious by finding a way to play the race card.
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess Islam has bloody borders everywhere and cannot get along with anyone.
@ibnHlophe @sibanda_tapson @eeviewonders @CTFleaMarkets I guess it's time for you to learn about racism in Islam. http://t.co/2fcMyuE3Eu
Are you for real? Look at this idiot. People aspect protection from the police. What are we getting. If the police can't do their jobs we will have to take matters into our own hands #Rotherham #GroomingGang #Muslims #Pakistani
No it’s because you’re an idiot who doesn’t know history, when you have the enemies of the Muslims chasing them and killing them and wanting to kill the prophet, the God indeed instruct the Muslims to fight them bravely in battle.
BTW, we don't hear say that Muslim Imam are *covid-idiots* for gathering ( for prayers) you are such an hypocrites lady #dontbelievethehype https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=160815325408236&amp;set=a.130292125127223
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 Proof Mohammed was a pedophile. http://t.co/BZCt7Z9adC
Muslims ain't Terrorist but b`cos of an opening (Jihad).They misinterpret this act for violence on humanity.Jihad deals with inner struggle.
Also, muslims are supposed to follow the quran and sunnah. ISIS and all these terrorists groups really grew starting in the 19th century. Muslims and non muslims literally have coexisted for almost a thousand years.
I can’t understand how so many so called Christians support some of the things the radical left support.......but just because many Christians don’t support the Dems doesn’t mean we by default support Trump’s actions
Are you a true Muslim? You collaborate with Christians and ruin your country. But are you a true Muslim? God, cause these idiots. The official government recognized by the United Nations invited us there. You support coup rebels !! Terrorists
It's very funny to c this , whole world is in trouble bcoz of radical islamic terrorism, &amp; India has to legislate CAA for tortured minorities in Pakistan .. so r u drunk while tweeting this, your belive is base on violence &amp; stupidity, c #TablighiJamaat virus
She should know all about liars. She did a great job of lying in 2016. Christian woman.yeah right
idiot 99.99% scientist already confirmed its not man made so leave this topic..and are you not ashamed of yourself while talking about Muslims? you belong to a country which recently worst place for Muslims..being a Muslim here we enjoy the best facilities by Chinese govt.
To further clarify Islamic Christians as well as gay, lesbian and anyone not willing to support the radical Islamic regimes. Are the people you are watching in that video that was tweeted. We have many Islamic people here. And have been here they are Americans. Eradicate them to?
Since Muslims are there in India, BJP made you an idiot very easily. Think positive.
JEM Jaish e Mohmmad..A military organisation / A terrorist organisation on the Name of prophet mohhabat..No one saying against them..They using mohhamads name for terrorist works..There are lot more..ISIS using Quran s verses on their flags..Muslim should protest against them..
In this video you can see some #Pakistani doing rally in USA and their narrative is Modi killing innocent #Terrorists in Kashmir valley. Bloody idiots trying everywhere to come out as innocent but always spotted as madersachap #jihadi . #Lollywood #Muslim #Begars
It is not me who us propagating casteism by janma, you fool. I believe in varna by karma, not by janma. Before shooting your mouth off, learn to get facts right first. And no one is letting muslims off the hook. Only an idiot will do that. Just like how an idiot will ignore +
In the end all madarsachaaps are the same filled with immense hatred against poor hindus, before mocking at 'poor hindu' tea sellers u shuld have condemned radical islamic terrorism
Keep your kattar brain with you and teach idiots. If that creator is allah for you then for me it's my god who so ever I can call him. Second if according to you we gonna suffer more then why more than 40% cases of virus are muslims why not allah is protecting them from virus.
Zakula I had hoped that maybe there was a brain in your head. I was mistaken. My bad. You say there’s no sharia law? Then what are no go zones unless you’re Muslim. She did marry her brother. It’s been proven. You’re in denial and the idiot.
The proper term is Muslims not jihadi’s. Learn how to address properly so you don’t sound like a complete idiot. And the Quran that seems to bother you so much, does not say the earth is flat. Please educate yourself before coming and speaking none sense.
Levin obviously doesn't understand Assad is not a part of or support al-Queda. Levin should speak to the Syrian people directly. Assad protects the Syrians from radical Islamists... protects the Christians, too.
The so-called Christians who support Trump are NOT in any way Christians. Trump is the Antichrist and his followers are Radical Antichristian Terrorists (RATs). Going forward, that is how you must refer to them. RATs.
@ExposeFalsehood @ajwatamr The people who were killed were supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood.  Young terrorists in the making.
The right loves a useful idiot. Especially when they find a christian woman or POC to manipulate, the right see them as a perfect human shield. Folau is giving cover to fascists that would put him against the wall the moment he's no longer useful to them.
My family migrated from Jammu in 1947 when many of muslims were slaughtered by the indians. I am a kashmiri you idiot.
@harmlesstree2 No, shithead, they were killed or forced to convert. Mohammed started the ball rolling by beheading 600 Jewish prisoners.
@VannCastro @tweetybird2009 @PatVPeters Right. Every Pres in history has been heavily criticized. But doing it to Obama has to be racist.
The terrorist in the latest attack in London was Al Qaeda. Al Qaeda &amp; ISIS/Daesh hate each other so I doubt his attack was ISIS inspired. Plenty of inspiration in the Quran. More than 100 verses of inspiration. Just saying ...
Don't go it into history Otherwise u will not place to hide your sorry and embarrassed face What Islamic Terrorism has done to this nation Is unprecedented , Forcefully conversion, Demolished Temple and Divide my Nation Spread terrorism and suicide terrorist attack, and carnage
Not it cell this is radical Islamic terrorism. Open u r eyes and see the truth.shame full u r not accepting the truth,no one will change these people
Yes it does. Besides where were you when your Muslim brothers of Al-Qaeda were cutting the heads off of Christians? Where was your outrage for that? Oh that's right, you support all those radical terrorists regimes that obama supported. No are no better than they are.
Idiots so outta touch they don’t even be Mindful of ALLAH..and I don’t expect everyone to be a Muslim.. but just the fact of knowing it’s a Higher being and yet, you niggas still walk around doing all kinda nut shxt, like ya clock ain’t gon ever stop &amp; u ain’t going before GOD.
@BBCBreaking Yes, we have heard it a million times.  Islam is not about Islam.
-i hope donald trump is making all these muslim go back to Islam where they came from -not all Muslim are from Islam you idiot and first of all if they want to be in that country to get away from all the horrible things that happens in their country that’s fine
U r the PPL who put dp n trend #Savegaza whenever Israel retaliate against islamic terrorism sponsored from #Gaza . U ppl are not indian by heart but ur heart beats only for ur community. But this is true world is suffering from severe #IslamicTerrorism.
@LifeInKhilafah What is there to teach? We both know that the Quran is a cult manual of hatred, imperialism, murder, sexism, and bigotry.
@Abu_Baraa1 Dumb Muslims complain about freedom of speech and support blasphemy laws at the same time. What a disgusting, inhuman religion.
@JosephIsVegan @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch The Department of Justice report says blacks kill at 6 times the rate of whites.
@98Halima @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj If you had a brain it would be revolted by Islam.
Acab is just like the idiots that say all muslims are terrorists. Group think is evil no matter what group you aim it at.
Exactly, Pakistan's may take fake qualifications and education but they just think abt. #terrorist_jihad or narrative of gazwa-e-hind, Pakistani talk abt humanity but making poor Awaam #terrorist.
@seekingjannah3 @Citywolf_IS3 @Censored31 Yes, but it smells great now that the Daesh rats have run.
These Musilim's terrorist from Saudi Arabia who kill, & cause havoc in this country the FBI wants to find terrorists go to Dearborn Mich they have completely taken over the town beaten Christian Woman it's a hot bed of every Muslim terrorist in the world right under our noses
Hey idiot she is not saying Muslim to stop eating goat She she is questioning why you don't give same this gyan to Muslim felstivals
You are SOOO right! I’m being trained by a beautiful Christian woman who lives down the hallway from me. In March He gave me my apartment here ; such a blessing! God Bless You! Be Safe &amp; Well in Yeshua’s name! BB
@Iz_abdul By now no one buys that "few individuals" lie any more.  Most Muslims are extremists. http://t.co/kfxzXKFqsO
Are you bloody dumb? I’m a fan of you at times but this is the same rhetoric every other idiot has had. Alcohol shops should be legal in Kashmir. Ppl drinking alcohol isn’t some evil BJP plot it’s freedom and legal. If Muslims can’t drink alcohol then why should it destroy ?
@yuskan0723 The filthy Palestinians have attacked and murdered Jewish children in their schools in the past.  So fuck Palestinians.
Tfw you and the guys are talking in Discord and the server idiot drops in to talk about Muslims for no reason
Getting rejected by a Christian woman is so much more graceful then not. You walk out the conversation like “dang she right”
As Christians, I believe we should support platforms that align with our Biblical beliefs. The far left has become more and more radical and violent. Free speech is becoming a thing of the past. The left supports abortion, which they call reproductive rights.
Harsh reality : islamic terrorism is the modern bubonic plague, consuming all decent people in its path Only islamists like u are left behind to cleanup the bloody mess
To show how ISIS and others are extremely wrong in their violence and tyranny, we have to remove fake hadiths from hadith books. #education #bigotry #fakehadiths #quran #extremism #radicalism #islam #isis #Terrorism #terrorists
What are you talking about... This is India ma'am... Idiots like him must be worshiped.. Just write.. DALIT, women, Muslims and they'll get orgasms..
I have an honest question. So how would one decide who is a Muslim and if their actions represent Islam or not? Does an ISIS terrorist? Does the gay Muslim? Does your average guy who is chill and has a gf but doesn’t eat pork? What remains? Muhammad + Quran and their history.
@AMohedin And ISIS does what Islam requires. 33:33 is just the start.
The kid is getting his religious freedom killed at birth though. Maybe he spends his life as a Christian but he bears the mark of a Jew because of his parents. Religious freedom stops when it harms others. Same reason we don’t support radical islamists.
I mean you idiots living outside India are know nothing what happening http://here.In muslim majority areas hindus are being killed,bullied, forcefully converted but you can't point out as you are a hidden jihadi. @ashoswai I know you earn by hate mongering about India.
We Muslim don’t like osama bin laden . He is terrorist and Imran Khan is idiot . He is on dope 24/7 . He says whatever he wants . And dogs like you keep defending him .
Check the list of top terrorist organisation..and plz stop comparing VHP or Bajrang dal with any Islamist organization..ISIS and Taliban essential derives their ideology from quran and hadis, yes u can say they misinterpreting it, bt most of their deeds r essentials in Islam
@SafeensS The woman wearing the bikini can wear it or she can cover everything, her choice.  If she makes that choice in Islam she is beaten
That's you devil . Why should Hindus donation be used for idiots &amp; Muslims who Not only hate us but are anti national &amp; want to kill Modiji &amp; Shahji.
In Islam, there is no choice or option. Either you are bound to follow or die. Worst is when we see how these idiot Muslims still believe a 1400 yr old desert practice of stoning people to death. Bloody uncouths.
@jncatron @isra_jourisra Wrong. They were connected to the Muslim Brotherhood and they were anti Semitic bigots.
@Clashoftherats @YusufPeaceful @tummala82 @IndyVoices Leave it to a Muslim to claim four translators are lying rather than admit the truth.
@CoryBooker: I support #LGBTQ people because “as a Christian I must bring forward the radical love of all human beings.” #PowerOfOurPride
@Iz_abdul Allah's words are filth and hatred and phony. http://t.co/E4yVziJyqk
@MaxBlumenthal @Ajzionts Has Blumenthal ever written about ceaseless Muslim violence against Hindus in Bangladesh. http://t.co/INLiK2TlCP
Exactly my point .lemme tell u bro why is it soo .it is bcuz they are teached la illah ill lal lah meaning theres only allah .no other god and who doesnt recognize allah as god will be punished or killed cuz he is a kafir .their book teaches them hatred .dats y islamic terrorism.
You shud remove this from ur bio.If u had iota of knoledge abt pak sponcered islamic terrorism you wud have had raised ur voices against it but deep there in ur mind u r sympathisers of terrorist..its just that u people have camouflaged urself under the name "intellectual "
@dankmtl Good night asshole. Hope you get run over by a bus.
@BDSSupporter @tummala82 @Clashoftherats @YusufPeaceful @IndyVoices The Quran declared war on all humanity that was not Muslim.
So attacking children because they are born white is justified because of what some other white person did? You sound like these idiots who attack all Muslims based on the actions of extremists. So ironic, you have more in common with supremacist then you think
im just informing u b weren't calling u an idiot, but I beg to differ, Islam has been with Somalis since the dawn of it and majority of us believe that If your not muslim you are not somali, Somalis in the past who weren't muslim were considered Ethiopians thus outcasted
I assume Ms. Conway is ready to fulfill her duty as Christian woman and right wing ideologue by shutting her mouth, getting pregnant, and staying home to cook for George.
To save Humanity is Jihad. Whole #Kashmir stands with #Amarnath #Yatris . We hate terrorists.
That’s right. A Christian woman
Just met with courageous family of the 15 states that I visited. A, repeal Ocare, borders & trade, two very important decisions on the Planet. It is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. This will prove to be smart, tough and vigilant?
Yeah go ahead and open up the country to unlimited Muslim Muslims coming here when they eventually take over if you're still alive you'll be one of the guys that gets his head cut off what kind of an idiot are you making a statement like this by the way you'll never get elected
I support you because we all need to fight the Radical Islamists. We need all the Christian and Jewish people to fight the Radicals. Islamists are trying to put a wedge between all Infidels to make it easier to take over the world! We need to fight! #IslamKillsGays #Trump2020
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab Have these OIC nations stand for other religion??? What about genocide of Kashmir pandit?? What about so many killed due to Islamic terrorism?? U have sharia law &amp; no freedom of religion to other non-Muslim Your silence is cause all “Islamophoba” not us
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime There are no Jews in Saudi or many of the Gulf states because the Muslims exterminated them.
From this Christian woman, you are 100% right! Give me my Alpha male any day. I don't sweat Beta boys, not worth it.
That's the best you can is spout abuse because I have an opinion? Idiot, if J witness, a Catholic, or Christian decided to pitch in a Muslim neighborhood and just pray, would they stand for it? No, so f*ck off, England is not a Muslim country
Oh so back then Ali did it for peace why dont you do it for peace now then? You idiot Ali or any muslims will never leave islam and leadership in the hands of someone undeserved, let alone kaffir! What kind of brains do you have Ali fought under Omar and even names his children
The Secret of the Confident Christian woman is she is covered completely by her Creator; protected, sustained and placed right in her purpose. https://unmaskingthemess.com/?p=3237 via @Juliealoos
@realDonaldTrump can u tell ur reporters to stop calling/referring to muslims using the words “radical islamic terrorism” Thank you!
@harmlesstree2 And then the pedophile sold all the women and children into slavery. And he is the model for Hamas and ISIS.
I am a Christian woman, and I am aware that not everyone believes. But right now, our religion is a major comfort and security for us. I know other people have other beliefs, but at a time when people are just trying to heal and feel better, dont shit on each other’s practices.
You sympathise with terrorists supports those who are doing jihad against humanity you talks about humanity without human responsibility and you call yourself activists and charities. cc @TajinderBagga
Why you are obsessed with jihad, terrorists, radicalization and crime. Serve your nation, humanity like Lt.Gen.
So you telling me all the Pakistani Muslims around the world living in USA , UK and other countries should come back to Pakistan because we are allowed to worship on their land but can’t let their people worship on ours ? What kinda of statement is that you idiot ?
They are wronly misguided people they don't know anything about Islam because they don't read Quran by meaning so brother because of some idiot's who don't know anything about Islam you can't blame whole Muslim community
@truaemusic Okay, show me where Buddha or Lao Tse ever hurt anyone or advocated anyone be hurt.
India was divided on religious lines & Muslims from Pakistan and Bangladesh dont qualify for immigration on that count. All empty heads are running CIRF and preaching immigration issues while jailing lakhs of immigrants in the US. Give them all Green Cards b4 you preach, idiots
Kashmir & u call it social/political cause&amp; militancy? No. It's Islamic terrorism.. What happened later was a continuation of it. What exactly is the target? A separate sharia based Islamic state, away from kafir Hindus (free from kafir Hindus to be correct)
Whatever happens in #Yemen, when it is over the country will be in the hands of one Islamofascist group or another. #Islam
And they never show the Muslim scholars who preach from the Quran and teachings Of the prophet that clearly say that this so called jihads, isis, al qaeda is not justified by Islam and it is against Islam. These Islamic terrorists kill more Muslims then non-Muslims
*A REAL Sikh. Just like you wouldn’t catch any REAL Muslim attacking a Gurdwara. Your actions define your religion. We all know Sikhi &amp; Islam both promote peace &amp; neither incite terrorism. Comments on an idiot’s unreflective actions like this are just unnecessarily divisive.
Most immigrants come to America for a better life. Radical Muslims come to this country angry, ready to spread anger towards whites, Christians, Jews, Israel, they push for Muslim reform, more Mosques, Sharia rules and laws. They support Iran, Hamas, Hezbollah. Why are they here?
@awdnewsgerman @Raqqa_Sl Chomsky is a racist. Islam created ISIS.
Don't be surprised.Every terrorist act that ISIS,Hezbollah,Al Qaeda,Muslim Brotherhood...the list goes on and on..... is justified in the Quran...America wake up. Study the Quran. Learn what their religion thinks about us non-believers,especially Jews and Christians and apostates
When a trip is "free" from a radical evangelical org, it means there's a large contingent of Christians being radicalized in support of Hagee and white Christian supremacy and they think giving to Hagee is giving to God.
RT @TRobinsonNewEra: http://t.co/M8N6EMK2u2 8-year-old Yemeni child dies at hands of 40-year-old husband on wedding night .This is sharia h…
@digvijaya_28 This guy spouted one lie after another and there is no response in this video.  Just typical lying Muslim propaganda.
If you’re a Muslim and you still support Trump, you’re an idiot.
Idiot, why do we as christians needs to complain, America is 73% christians, we don't even complain of christianophobe if there is one in Islamic countries, it is you Muslims who keep complaining about western countries but yet still flocks there.
It's not a "Muslim" ban you idiot!
All communities have bad people you can't say Hindus did that Muslims did that. It was some idiots from every community in history who committed atrocities. I am only pointing your faith because filth like you blame whole religion or people for the crimes of some.
@MaxBlumenthal  ISIS is different from Max's friends, Hamas. ISIS throws gays off rooftops. Hamas beheads gays. http://t.co/PAJ595GF5b
You know Mary, mother of Jesus wore hijab? Right... Covering the hair is NOT just an Islamic law, it’s across ALL Abrahamic religions. Jewish women, Christian woman and Muslim women are all commands by God to cover their hair. You need to read your Bible and be open to learning!
You know all about lying - right? As a persecuted Christian woman? Hahaha
Not one President before your buddy @realDonaldTrump gave that idiot a clear and decisive go ahead to build concentration camps for Muslims don't tell that lie. You are not impressing anyone with that logic. Leave now Russian Bot.
@donnabrazile did you really forget you LIED to Megyn kelly about giving HRC the questions ahead of the debate? You lecture republicans on LYING? But you’re a Christian woman, right?
ope, got blocked. what a shame this “christian woman” couldn’t believe in human rights.
you quoted hadiths, ill quote the quran for you xx allah judges muslims, not an idiot named yaseen
@Bruciebabe This Jihadi is following in the footsteps of his prophet and marrying young.  #Islam #Iran #Iraq #Hamas http://t.co/jLaVovNMqR
The white cowardly morons are turning over the country to the terrorist. Cops and politicians kneeling to the BLM, ANTIFI, Black Muslim scum... WTFW you IDIOTS!!!
@DianH4 @InviteToIslam I don't care who they are. They might as well claim that they are scholars in witchcraft.  They are madrassa rats...
Your support shows me why we must stop the radical Christians. They have no place in our government and will be ousted.
Khawarij use to say the same as you say now. U ppl were terrorist &amp;will remain terrorist.Jews ,Amricn, Hindus, etc is betr than Khawarij, u ppl r Fisadi nt Jahadi .. U guys are disgrace to Islam and humanity. These Taliban killed thousands of afghans and you say it it's Jihad..
I do not need to. I have seen how good you people are in Interpretation of Quran and Islam. Look at your own country, then see what ISIS did. Then there are many Islamic Terrorist Organizarion we have. And then Shamelessly you will say, do not judge the Islam by Muslims.
@pNibbler @AlterNet @MaxBlumenthal Mohammed owned slaves, Jesus did not.  Mohammed robbed caravans. Jesus did not.
ISIS and other terrorist group have no legitimacy or authority to declare Jihad.They are evil against humanity. @TahirulQadri @OIC_OCI #DrQadriEffortsTowardsPeace
A lying Christian woman is still a liar
This image wont go out of my mind for many many years...Is this islamic jihad? Is this how islam teaches you humanity? My god..this terrorist should be tortured not just killed
Don't get emotional buddy, no matter how much u rant, ur stuff won't sell in kerala. I just accepted Islamic terrorism, but u can't accept Godse as terrorist and talking about #hypocrisy. Have u ever studied Social Science buddy
For Example: People were Criticizing CAA in India without reading it just coz someone said it's Anti-Muslim, now you're behaving like one of those Idiots by Criticizing Islam without reading Quran! Hope you get it.
lol voting rights, rights to freedom of speech, rights to coming out in public, kaitlin basically wants to become a Christian woman from the Middle Ages
@drazmat22 Islam killed it.
Idiot, you are just a blind fan of neel.. you don't feel that antenna on Narad Muni's head as mockery of Hinduism, call a muslim he will show you mirror and prove my words right
it is the same way like the Quran is been taken by so called islamist terrorists like #ISIS etc etc....
Question time: Why nowadays can I not dislike you because of who you are yourself? Why do a lot of people hide behind religion and race? If I don't like you, it's because you're an idiot or we just don't get on etc... it's not because you're black, white, catholic or Muslim etc..
Twitter kon kholke dera h bhai tumko?? ...u exposed urslf by ur own self...jus look at the differences bro...there, litrally google is suggesting me movies on islamic terrorism...and what u got there is 1 thing called hindutva nd all ...facts check kr liya kro chacha
@birdSTL @MurdaMookez The entire history of Islam is one of colonization, occupation, hatred, and bigotry. Get an education.
i posted the source multiple times you idiot. i called op out for trying to get a muslim reported who was addressing an issue they were offended by. &amp; stop trying to judge my faith, that’s not for you to do but for Allah only. what you’re doing is haram.
@logicalmind11 You are the liar. He beheaded 600 Jewish men in one day and sold their women and children into slavery.
@SpeakerPelosi As a woman and especially as a Christian woman, and in light of this mornings photoshop junk, I wish someone could march right up to the Oval Office, lift him up by the back of his pants, and bring him to the White House entry, and out he goes
If you believe this, got a bridge to sell you. Obama did more to damage this country than anyone ever, even Soros! Cannot wait for the muslim pig to be exposed while the idiots gape in horror, finally realizing the extent of their gullibility.
I'm a muslim,our religion doesn't tell us to go kill people, its the opposite that it tell us. These weird idiots that call themselves "muslims" and kill people are absolutely no muslims AT ALL.Islam tells you to live in peace with other religions, opinions and don't push others
There are a lot of radical jihadists, with the help and support of Turkish and Russian militaries, killing, harming, and making a lot of Kurdish Christians homeless right now. And Trump waved in this invasion.
They all seem to put God in their profiles as if this gives them the right to be insensitive and vicious . This sad pathetic uneducated “Christian” woman tries to hide her ugliness behind a cross around her neck.
You fucking idiot..!! 1. She didn’t mock his reigion, only his understanding of the pandemic given that he is a former head of IMA. 2. Not everything is about religion. Scientific community works as one. Many Muslims, Christians, Hindus are working together to find a cure.
And Thomas Clarkson was more of a 'radical' than William Wilberforce. Clarkson was the driving force of abolitionism. Wilberforce was opposed to the extension of the franchise and claimed his greatest life achievement wasn't abolition but support of Christian missionary work.
I have coloreds in my family so I can't be racist. And I'm the idiot. Those poor kids. Calling some Muslim doesn't make you racist, if they're Muslim. Reason he's a muslim, because you say so.
One of my coworkers is a trump supporting, conservative, Christian woman and she STILL knows that saying #alllivesmatter is NOT the response to what’s going on right now. P.s. also hella proud, she told me she’s not voting for him bc if his response to the BLM movement
I am Muslim you idiot. You believe that girl has no right to post her leaflets. It is you supporting the gobshite big bully against a girl with a political view. Biffers???? You need to go take break.
@ummahwitness The Muslim pedophiles do this all the time. It's so common and accepted that it's not even news.
Some of your influencers are bunch of idiots. This one can't even identify the obvious differences between RELIGION and CUSTOM. That an Hausa Muslim did something bad doesn't represent the religion. You're just.... But never mind.
Nigeria is a contraption, a country sponsoring 4th most deadliest terrorist group(Fulani herdsmen)to kill the citizens with impunity just to achieve their jihad agenda,divided Nigerian now and save more souls,one Nigerian is a crime against humanity,,
Please do not spread Islamic Terrorism and also do not play ur Islamic card as u all r terrorists who use Islamic card to spread terrorism
@riwired @_Elreda I like that picture of Israel in the context of the Muslim world.  A tiny spec they blame for all their own evil.
The problem is that you are a typical Hindu if you think like a human then you you can understand it your mind will be change if you think about Humanity there is no question question about Jihad or terrorist the question is Kashmiri and we are asking over rice
Sunni: can u show me a clear verse of ur major pillar wilaya in Qur'an without mental gymnastics? Shi'a: u are nasibi wahabi Isis salafi terrorist alqaeda Sunni: I need a verse Shi'a: Abubakr took fadak, Umar attacked Fatima, Aisha was a .. Sunni: wilaya from Quran please
The father of the young Christian woman slain by ISIS told @dcexaminer that @realDonaldTrump “did the right thing” to hide the Baghdadi raid from Congress. “It's been amazing to deal with this administration,” he said.
No hypocrisy here America practices freedom of religion however the left is trying to cram PC down our throats as they support and push Radical Islam. That’s #hypocritical.I never asked you to be a Christian nor does America. How is drawing attention to a radical group hypocrisy?
I HATE the word, "reclaiming," bc it sounds childish. But it's the only word I can think of, right now, to describe how I've gotten my free will and independent identity back. I am a free woman in Christ, not a Christian woman chained by her church.
95% % of people including Muslims white black yellow just want to live a nice life, do good things, 4 % are just absolute fuckin idiots as I suspect you are, and there’s 1% that hate and do horrible things and don’t want peace
People got heir throats cut, what about having a little respect for that? Movies? what an idiot you must be. You don't even know the definition of terrorism, Hossein. Btw, are you a muslim? that would explain a lot of things.
Azad Kashmir and GB is 100% muslim We hate Hindus and India here Even Indian Muslims are protesting China is humilating India on LAC Nepal is fighting back And you idiots want to occupy a 100% muslim state
Bloody Hippocratic Journalists , It just "Caught your Eye" But Not Sadden/Disturbed of what is happening due to Islamic terrorism in the Valley ?? How u guys Reported when Terrorist Riyaz Naikoo was killed -"Riyaz Naikoo: From maths teacher to most wanted terrorist" Now?
No. It's Sean and other far right spewing most of the vile hate. As a Christian woman, a black woman, the majority of us know very well it's white supremacist facism -- a centuries old idolatry of fear and hate that Jesus himself condemned. The whole world sees it now.
Humanity died its 100 dead in @rajastha @muslim man hacked by hindutav terrorist shambhulal name of love jihad #shamed
@LifeInKhilafah Salahuddin was a general who fought for Islamic slavery.  What does that have to do with Kurds fighting for freedom today?
@NNdabbour64 And no one is entitled to a belief that denies other people their believes. http://t.co/pli8wePBsf
As is said,the basic criteria to be a muslim is to be a chootiya and become katua, that makes you a perfect idiot and follower of Allah..There is nothing called as Hindu, its sanatan to start with.dont try to induldge.Where Islam ends, Sanatant starts 1 light year after that
You both javed and Arfa such an idiot and moron. Without understanding any line any paragraph any parameters you opposed CAA NRC. 545+ wrong? Just like you and some "jaahil" ,"madressa chaap" muslims are responsible for partition of India. You are just Traitor of indian society.
Yes pakistan heaven of jehadi terrorist was that foreign country involved in that religious attract which was only for christians and ISIS took responsibility for this. Only jihad related ppl are behind terrorism all over world ..now has became a fight between jihad n humanity...
When Muslims do wrong, you'll see people quoting, Quran, Prophet, trying to reject hate. ISIS &amp; other such terrorists groups where called out by Muslims from day 1. They were called dogs of hell. However, I don't see anything like this from others, it appears to be a free fall
@007AliSohrab Mr.Kakawani sorry to say that to show your presence in Twitter you always pick a idiot subject. Either you want to spread hate or you want to exploit Muslims.
Me on my phone: Mom look this is so funny Her: You idiot you do do nothing around the house Me:(being Muslim and cannot yell at my mom) Well what about Zara My mom:(conflicted AF)
Idiot I'm talking about Halal Products not Muslims. Are you saying Halal products means Muslims ?
@PeopleMagUpdate And some idiots want to support the Muslims that are trying to exterminate Israel.
@scamp_faridxx @AbuAlbaraaSham Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago, so talking about murderers of Muslims is total hypocrisy.
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 Again proving how Muslims are liars.  The Muslim students of USC have a Hadith database.
Like All Of Isalm Christians and World I Was Sent To Them To Save Them From Hell God Sent Me Yes They Call Him Allah Poof Gone Instant War On Christian Woman Of God Nice Right Call Themselves Kings Of War And Hate
@truaemusic Who cares if it has been revised a million times. What does that have to do with the barbarity of Islam?
It would also threaten China's allies within the U.S. government. Had they submitted to Chinese-backed Islamic terrorism within the United States? And was the reality of that terrorism being covered up by the Obama administration and by Obama and Biden themselves?/3
Keep saying same thing by mixing your words wont prove you right. Fact is whole world accept Islam in different continent and that's why Muslims are the largest population in the world People in America White Skin are idiots why they accept Islam? Because it's a HAQ
@LBC You bloody IDIOT. UNDER the RADAR COVER of CV-19 UK has been ARMING BOTH factions in LIBYA with £millions of WEAPONS and in past weeks there has BEEN MASS KILLINGS in LIBYA. BRITISH TREACHERY MASSACERING MUSLIM CHILDREN, WOMEN In YEMEN &amp; LIBYA. EYE for an EYE.
Hahaha yes they are anti Semites. They talk crap on Christians...talk crap about America. They support Antifa. They have radical muslim ideology. They are the biggest threat to America!!! They are the fraud squad. Vote them out!
@rico_hands @semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 Another  Muslim troll trying to hide the fact that his prophet was a pedophile by changing subject
@KhaledBeydoun Yes agree with u “ 4m radical Islamic Terrorism Including u”
.. elements from their culture, they tend to get defensive abt religion rather Thr have been terror groups misusing allah's name everyday,but that dsnt offend u But someone using the term 'islamic terrorism' sounds more offensive Tablighi jamaat was hardly condemned by muslims
Update: A brave Christian woman in Iran speaks Pray Mary continues to courageously stand up for the rights of Christians in Iran. https://www.opendoorsusa.org/prayerapp
Another poorly educated ‘I love animals more than I love people’ Muslim hating white boy..... Dave it appears you may be on to something here....if a man is born and idiot he will always be an idiot.... At least in your case it’s true
Imagine if you could for example that idiot stepping into the shoes of an Iranian ayatollah and telling the Muslims that he’s intending to change all the street names in Tehran to reflect past British heroes as the present names are offensive..farkinell! That would be something.
If you are trying to change my mind, starting with "stupid idiot" is not the way to do it. I want America to be successful and not sick. If we work together we can get better but not with people acting like anti science jerks. I'm also not a Muslim but Fox does pay my bills.
THIS IS NOW BRITISH LAW ...THIS IS MUSLIM INTERFERENCE IN LAW AND BORIS YOU SHOULD SEND IN THE ARMY MUSLIMS NEED TO KNOW THEY ARE NOT IN PAKISTAN STARMER YOUR AN IDIOT ! NO CHANGE ON CORBYNITE COMMUNISM!!!
Well done Muslim Twitter. Hopkins got hold of this Sunni/Shia beef and used it for her agenda. An innocent girl was killed and you man had to act like idiots
A #Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right #religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a #Christian woman in a #blasphemy case. ⁦@marijana_petir⁩ #ChristianPerseution
Idiot, Koomuttai. There are lakhs of temples in which there are non-brahmin priests only. BTW, why don't you fight for dalit christians as Padres or Dalit Muslims as Imams. That way a nuisance for all would be eliminated by Jihadi or Paavadai. You can only preach to Hindus..
I didnt say the man is too fragile to cope with disagreement. It is wise for a *Christian* woman to be respectful of her husband's decisions, even when she thinks she knows better. Often interfering wives never learn how they misjudged and the husband actually was right.
Muslims mostly support or don't speak against fellow Muslims no matter what. Even the radical ones. Christians always support fellow Christians. Only liberal Hindus criticise fellow Hindus for being proud of their religion. We lack unity like them.
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere @isra_jourisra @fei989 It's all hot air. Mohammed clearly burned people as shown by the Hadith I gave you.
Yes...I am a white Christian woman and I also am voting for President Trump again. I AM in my right mind.
by that sense, why do they have all Muslim names. don't be an idot. Coz idiots are everywhere. Look for positivity and you will find them.
Because the military regime in Egypt serves the interests of u s tn in the region and Egypt is the one that manufactures Islamic terrorism, Trump Trump to interfere in the region.
Even if he wasn't like that before she married him, a Christian woman is only justified in divorcing her husband if he's been unfaithful. Our human justifications may seem right to us, but it's God's standard alone that is right to follow. What people must do is completely seek
I am a Christian woman with Christian values! He made past mistakes. Biden went further and the Democrats ignored it. Clinton went as far as having sex in the Oval office &amp; lied under oath about it, but that was ok too, right? God is in control, &amp; it doesn't matter what we want !
Still no action taken by Christian terrorist @jack and @misskaul .You both are terrorists who support Radical chrislamist and I will keep exposing them and you. Islamists and christians are brainwashing people that hindus are demons and must be saved.Hindu gods are demons.Act now
I love how you’re speaking about Islam and calling me an “idiot” mashallah your words are over flowing with sunnah. If you actually they looters from last week equal in the same numbers as the peaceful protests GLOBALLY then go ahead and continue to be ignorant.
@greenlinerzjm 270 million people were killed by Islamolunatics shouting Allahu Akbar. http://t.co/5nZY7Ejmgy
Again--by no means would it get universal support. But the speed with which Christianity Today is being dismissed as a "radical" or "far left" outlet (when it is emphatically neither of those things) suggests that this is what the genuine creed of "the true Christian" is now. /7
The whole world is terrorized by the islamic terrorism and u r crying here about hindutva. Show me which country the hindutva brigade has ever try to disturb? In India this concept is created so as to appease the muslims.
I never blame you of all of this and there more and more ,why you should blame me if some idiot kill civilans and he is muslim by birth only !!!
This cowardial attack by ISIS in #Afghanistan against our Sikh community is cordially extremely condemnable &amp; personally want complete eradication of this fatal terrorist group becz they r not muslims at all. Muslims can't attack any community becz Quran doesn't permit at all
@uygaraktas After committing genocide and murdering countless civilians, scum bag Deash try to use babies for propaganda.
Total bull shit . The Taliban are Sunni Muslims you idiot. They don't defend their wives at all. At anytime can throw them out. Your definitely an idiot
Are we really saying terrorism has no religion when largest n most brutal terrorists group just follow islam n quran n now sending yo accept that desert death cult?? #ISIS is islam #ISLAM__Religion_of__terror #ISLAM__Religion_of__terror #IslamIsTheProblem #IslamIsTheProblem
This Anger can't b of Hindusthani-Muslims It is anger of BRAINWASHED Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists want to create Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD&gt;for Enslaving-Converting-Bleeding-Dividing-Demonising Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity Q needs to b Either REFORMED OR CREMATED&gt;No other Alternative
@hamzayusuf @Malek_Ason @zaytunacollege Womderful. We are going to produce our own madrassa rat jihadis.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime The Jews were always more educated and productive than the backward Muslims.
Shame on you idiot, how can u disrespect Islamic hero... shame shame shame He was blessed by Hazrat M. Ibn e Arabi RA... he stood for muslims not for Turks only.....
No you and idiots cant handle diversity. Alot of other people can. What is it about muslims, blacks and asians that u cant stand ?
RT @alihashem_tv: A new blow to #Islam by #Daesh , burning people is a new trend they are starting, what next? Castrating enemies on air
I hope the guy on the phone knows Allah can see him &amp; the rope awaits even if it is Paris - bloody hell https://t.co/iTk313FnTi
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Notice how most of the contributions are from Persians, not Arabs, and are despite Islam.
@aliabdalhamid @izrinhariri In Islam, the only "innocent souls" are Muslims.  Anyone else is fair game for any abuse.
Yea same way when ppl like u say why Islamophobia inspite of islamic terrorism across the globe.. see any similarity? Or it is selective amnesia as usual ;)
@truaemusic Yeah, and don't you waste your time hating homophones, sexists and racists. Are you going to do that?
“A Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman (Asia Bibi) in a blasphemy case” #MinorityRights https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/01/pakistani-activists-sentenced-blasphemy-protests-200117092607998.html
lol. You don't seem to realize that the majority of American Christians support gay rights and gay marriage. Charlie is actually supporting the anti-Christian views of the radical religious right. Chick-fil-A saw that that was a losing proposition, financially and morally.
Every journalist who will talk about the real face of radical Islamic terrorism as a disguise of secular &amp; liberal face in india he will be labelled as rumour machine by ur type jerks bcoz truth of Islamic terrorism can't be swallowed by u.
Most black bible believing Christian do not support the agenda of BLM. The radical God hating lesbian Marxist are man haters who seek to redefine biblical families into an immoral design. @AllenWest @larryelder @StarParker @carolmswain @cvpayne @LikeAHermanCain
So the Christian woman who attends church and Bible studies, who ran on lifting up the poor, providing healthcare to all, equal rights for everyone, humanely dealing with immigration, was less of a Christian than 3x married, adulterer, liar, misogynistic, racist dt?
@RanaAyyub Jihad is the threat to humanity &amp; world peace Why don't the Muslims world over condemn Jihad &amp; protest against terrorist outfits?
@congressman_aly I know that they teach their kids to hate Jews but they teach them nothing that is needed to run a country or economy.
Good muslims like you and our Arif Muhammad Khan saab are reading sugar coated Quran written by some sufi saints when Muhammed used to preach some good things before marrying to a rich woman who was older than him. All islamic terrorist groups like ISIS follows true Islam. #end
Christians and audacity Do you know how stupid you sound when you tell me I'm too beautiful for my muslim name? Who have y'all rights??? This thing is now very disgusting. "Change your name to something else", idiot tell God you don't like His name
So I hear that @JohnBoyega wants a Christian woman and I am right here
Dear Microsoft.. US president says. We r commited to protect inocent civilian from threat of radical islamic terrorism... And as i know Microsoft is a US company.. Do u thik this is radical.. No matter how educated they became... It is in their blood..
No I haven't met Spanish Christians, but I have travelled through multiple Muslim majority nations as an openly gay man and it was fucking terrifying. The fact that you deny the homophobia and misogyny inherent in Islam makes you an accomplice at worst and an idiot at best
Think of how many small businesses could have been helped with the 1.7 billion you and Hussein Obama gave to your Muslim brotherhood buddies. We need to put hard working Americans ahead terrorist. Idiot
Seriously? When you talk to one of these idiots about the reservation policy, their complaint is "That happened hundreds of years ago. Why should I be penalized". Most Muslims have no clue about Mughal history other than names. Why should they apologize. This is bullshit.
@cdnKhadija @johnnygjokaj @98Halima @BilalIGhumman @rfrankh53 Tell me something that ISIS does that Mohammed did not do.
are you a muslim , because i'm confused . i am a muslim and i know and read about the prophet but you ? you look like an idiot person who have no respect to OUR leader . please remember if you are a muslim or not , respect is always the key .
It is the Humanity which is under attack by these terrorist. How could they justified this on the name of jihad? #PeshawarAttack
Roll me one of those funny cigarettes that you are smoking Theodore. There were no peaceful random Muslims being hauled off to Guantanamo. The Portland video was probably a hoax perpetrated by those idiots. Borrowed their soccer mom vans, that video looks phony as hell.
Bein a strong Christian woman i find it upsettin that our lord can be tossed in the political muck at will. They take him outta schools and shame him for all sorts. But those devil followers all wantin special rights is OK. Guess I'm to old for all this.
@Salon Islam tells us that we must accept sexism. So I guess Muslim sexism must be accepted or you are racist. http://t.co/K5F0F4oSsB
Are you that ignorant? Muslims don’t have statute for prophet Mohammed is, we aren’t Christians we don’t worship idiots, if you find one for him we would love to give you honor of tearing down we all be clapping you’ll be a hero
To the idiots bring some of our Muslim players into this...I don't care if you're white, brown, black, pink, blue, green, gay, straight or whatever you identify as or what religion you practice...
Remember Trump and the GOP made great hay out of the fact that Hillary wouldn’t say Islamic terrorism — we ought to hold him accountable for never saying/acknowledging/doing anything about police brutality. And b4 u even say it, he’s technically the potus not Obama. It’s on him
Why u didn't organised nationwide protest against #Islamic terrorism after #Pulwama?
Israel and US have the same enemies. Radical Islam is the enemy of all Jewish and Christian free countries. I fully support going after Iran because they threaten us as much as Israel.
@abunaseeha2 May Allah piss on him before giving him his 72 virgin pigs.
Amazing how Reuben never seems to get anybody from @middxfa liking his tweets or replying in support of his comments. None from @refsupportuk either, or any of his 'friends' and associates.
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Mohammed was a murderer, Jesus wasn't. Mohammed was a rapist, Jesus wasn't.
Yes of course it support Islamic terrorism. Why you have problems, because they didn’t ask u.
Same! When the evangelical Christian woman says to a mutual friend, "that's right you support the baby murdering party." This as a response to trying to convince her Bill Gates is not trying to microchip us. Click. Gone.
Correct me if I’m wrong but, a Muslim man can marry a Christian woman but not the opposite, right?
You are the same idiot who got scared by some people chanting Jai Shri Ram near your house but are OK with Muslims saying "there is no God but Allah" 5 times a day. #Hindus_Under_Attack #HinduphobicComedyIndustry #hinduphobic_media #hinduphobic_academia #Hinduphobic_PetaIndia
I believe POTUS has the statutory right to prevent entry from high risk areas. I don't even think it was a "Muslim" ban since it didn't target the vast majority of Muslims. He bungled COVID because he is an idiot. Did you ever think we'd get barred from Europe? Is this winning?
I’m trying to find him a good Christian woman that’s the one right there!!
The Shia and Sunni are back to killing each other in Yemen, as they have done everywhere for 1400 years.  The gift of #Islam.
By the way don’t call yourself a Muslim if you have hate in your heart for other people or think you’re better them idiot. Arrogance is what destroyed Somalia but of course Somali men never learn.
You are an idiot! This means muslims have to become a renowned scientist of Kalam’s calibre or a President of this country to get “love” from Hindus! Is it? I think most of the Hindus in this country hate Muslims. They just do not want to accept this or say this openly.
Mehmood ghazni ,,Muhammad Qasim raped your mom and sisters and made you Muslim ,, we were Hindu and we are Hindu ,, hamare dada sab hindu the,, but you were Hindu and now Muslim read history idiots,,,
yes, if you commit one act of haram, might as well give up being muslim altogether right? idiot
I have explained about Terrorist and most of the people link Jihad and Terrorism , that's the reason I Posted it Sister..In my View which ever Faith or Religion we may Practice, But I think if we avoid Spreading Hatredness and See the Love and Compassion among us is Humanity
@freemedialive Fuck #Islam. Mohammed was a pedophile, murderer, bigot, sexist, rapist, slave trader, caravan robber, and liar.
trump uses god and the bible as leverage for support from his simple minded followers. he holds up a bible for a photo shoot that he had peaceful protesters tear gassed for and these radical christians are ready to suck his dick lmfao
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump. Bad timing idiot..You asked for China's help in the 2020 election..you asked china to build concentration camps for millions of muslims..Colluding with China..to rig the 2020 election in Boltons book..FAT CHANCE. We are onto you now..YOU LOOSE BIG
Islamophobia is another name of Islam. it's called... Isis, Laden gaddfi idi Amin Saddam Hussein boko haraam kasaab,afjal....and one of the best scary word Islamic Republic #terrorist #9/11 #26/11..and so on...how much u want to know...and last not least.. your Allah and Quran 2
Why the fuck you idiots compare two wrongs ? This is equally disgusting. People are angry at this as well. No way this or the rainbow Quran is acceptable for Muslims.
A kafir is someone who accepts the truth but denies it. Not someone who just doesn’t believe in Islam. Muslims have no right to call someone a kaafir, it’s between that person and God. Also please keep in mind that the prophet PBUH married a Christian woman.
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 And they all use the same barbaric Quran and Hadiths and they all abuse women.
@fehmida444 @chezkig1 @PTISalarKhan @georgegalloway They are occupied because Arab Muslims want Jews exterminated. https://t.co/8cmfoOZwxz
At least Muslims don’t look like you people, the monkey looking idiots.
These stupid motherfuckers are determined to Lille this country, I have an idea, you idiots can all move to Muslim countries and leave this country to the smart people
@halalcunty @biebervalue @liamxkiwi @greenlinerzjm @halalflaws I dont have to live there to know you can't leave house without male relative
And idiots like you are also unaware who instigated the Gujarat riots, it was because some muslims burt a train, in which muslim pilgrims were traveling.. your friends will tell you about gujrat riots but they won't tell you that they burnt the train first. ..
@Ceff00 @JosephIsVegan @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch There are over 100 Islamic terrorist groups. No other religion is close.
Christianity made women servants to men. Its a rule except you are not a good christian. For the first time, i agree with Adeboye. You cant be a true christian woman and still demand equal rights with men. That's hypocrisy.
You could be a proud gay muslim if you marry this idiots? I wish they went to a mosque to feel their love of gays
#MrPresident Twitter keeps erasing my tweets I supportU!I know you tell the truth!I know we are fightingRed Chinese Commiunist Party&amp;the Muslims in our own country,still I knowWe have the greatestPresident in our History!I love you! We all do!Only idiots&amp;Evil can’t see the truth!
@logicalmind11 And Islam is the cause of what the radicals are doing because the prophet Mohammed did the same things and they follow him.
Mueller, 26, was an American Christian woman and human rights activist who was kidnapped by ISIS terrorists outside of a hospital in Aleppo on Aug. 4, 2013. Held hostage for 18 months, she was raped repeatedly by the... https://www.facebook.com/dan.tollis/posts/10157838568024455
This should not be forgotten- the primary support for US recognition of Israeli colonialism in the West Bank is among radical right wing evangelical Christians. No grounding in international law or good policy.
@AhleFars So they blow up statues and churches and attack civilians because it's all they can do as they "die in their rage".
If you're Muslim,you shouldn't do all this anyway,so the people you are referencing are idiots
Too true, their radical, anti family, anti Bible message is far too “worldly” for any Christian to support. Equality before the law is a good and spiritual ISSUE to promote. Worryingly, the ORGANISATION is dedicated to overthrowing everything the Bible teaches as pure and holy.
@Nigzzzk The command to fear Allah is all through the Quran.  The ritual of groveling on the ground is one of fear. No personal relationship
Terrorists are not human. Humanity doesn't teach jihad and war. #IndianArmy protecting humanity and humen rights. Kudos @adgpi God Bless You Always..!!
And if you are planning for imposing Sharia law and doing different types of jihad secretly then also should leave not only US but also stay away form all non Muslim countries.jihadi terrorists are the biggest threat for humanity.
Or MS13 or Muslim terrorist or 5G. They are idiots. They fear things that are not real or are truly the one in a billion chance to kill you. But think a deadly virus you actually have a pretty dang good chance of contracting is the real Hoax.
I think you have confused the Muslims with the insane crusaders mate. You definitely need a serious history lesson. However I do not think you brain is capable of grasping reality. Only blind hate is feeding you, clearly visible from your lack of historic perspective. bye now
well in that case Trump claims that he lowered the unemployment rate when he really didn’t Trump has gone out to almost start a war with Iran and he tried to racially ban Muslims from countries that you idiots say is apart if the war on terror, not counting his rape allegations.
@Kaya786 And it is Islam's preoccupation with violent victory rather than persuasion that makes it globally hated.
Pakistan's main industrial sector is terrorism. Islamic terrorism wat do u hv to say abt that?
PLA only attacked our jawans with spiked rod.But our own jihadi muslims r killing dalits by burning them,beheading them,raping them. ~Hindus r victims of islamic terrorism, #moblynching #rape Muslims have already genocided 400 million Hindus. How much more Hindu blood do u seek?
Christians will tell you that Westbrook Baptist Church does not represent them. So why they believe all Muslims are the same is odd. Maybe they’re just IDIOTS!
@CapehartJ why is it every time some idiot white person f's up that is the fault of every white person? I don't blame all blacks for crime or all Muslims for Islamic terrorism so please stop stereotyping whites thank you.
Okay @PressSec, you’re a Christian woman who is a straight up liar. You do know that lying, even for a woman who claims she’s a Christian, is still sinful, right?
There no left or right wing terrorist, only ideologies which support radicalization of political positions. A largely Christian majority in west has learnt through experience that evangelism is dangerous but ignorantly promotes radical Islamic practices to achieve social justice
Ilhan Omar reflects "Path to Islam." She is fifth-column minion of Radical Islamic Terrorism promoting Sharia law in USA to conquer, not assimilate; she is member of House Foreign Affairs Comm. Socialist Dems promote overthrow of U.S. Constitution. Their children are 1st victims.
It’s weird that the neocon right wing hates Islam so much but can’t even realize that the people they support fund radical Wahhabi Islam to fight their proxy wars &amp; have admitted to doing so. Is it patriotic to convince Christians to fund radical Islam to kill Christians?
@Love___Egypt @washingtonpost Muslims kill 50 times that many innocent non Muslims every day, so I don't care.
The vast majority of refugees are Sufi or Kurdish Muslims or moderate Sunni, they would not be welcome in SA. SA are the main sponsors of ISIS &amp; most terrorist groups in the Middle East. It’s their version of the Quran they follow both hardline &amp; unforgiving.
@jihadi_11 @Shami_IS_back Not an armed Ezidi was around when the Daesh began to slaughter and enslave them. So what are you crying about?
Good for the christians. They support radical Islamists in India. So karma is catching up with them.
The Terrorist and Isis brides say you are not real Muslims. On the other hand You all apologists in secular and democratic countries raised with a sugarcoated version of Islam never even researched this religion or read Quran and tefsit say that „They are not real Muslims“??
No it's called racism. Perhaps read the definition in a dictionary. This covers most bases of racism so you don't come across a complete idiot in future Btw don't make assumptions that all Muslims are religious or to what level. Or those of other religions.
I so wish you had the spine, the guts, the balls, the human integrity, and the simple wish to sew them but... alas. Even Kremlin and the Muslim dictators couldn't care less about your existence any longer. Not even the useful idiot.
@lajnamediausa Balance what? The hate cult of Islam has zero place in American schools.
Quran was written 200 years after Mohammad (pbuh). It was amended by uthman. But the idiots can’t understand that. Also, it’s not their fault. As a muslim on is taught from day 1 that Quran is perfect. What do you expect with that kind of indoctrination. It’s sad
@AmandaSheils1 @Colonel_Shami And we fought the Germans for their actions.  The first crusades were Muslims attacking Christiandom.
I dont know her but I see her as great person for arguing what's right and not idiots like you that suck up to katie hopkins and believe anything and everything the media says about muslims
Say wht u can but world knows only islamic terrorism
Not all Muslims are from Islam you idiot
I think everyone know God and Allah is same. even qoran says its the same.for one group of idiots you guys blame every Muslims.i am really tried ppl attacks just bucause I am Muslim.i been often at Europe. I see a lot from the pp just I am Muslim, i am so happy I live at Alanya.
Dear Hindus , You don't have much more time & Pacific Ocean will one an option if u don't wake up today. Fight against Islamic Terrorism in India ..... #HinduUnitedAgainstTerror
Sorry, I thought it was a public question. Look, you're not an idiot, and I don't want to talk down to you, so let me know if I am. When someone says, for example, "Muslims," a stereotyped image comes to mind. Now, rarely any Muslims fit that stereotype, and it's better to...
Shame on you.The more you guys Discredit Gujarat and Gujaratis , the more Gujarat and Gujjus becomes victorious and glorious. It’s been 25 years idiots like you trying to paint Gujarat anti Muslims but Muslims are more prosperous in Gujarat then any other state in India .
All languages, especially ancient ones are important. Just because you and I don’t speak or read Sanskrit, Latin, Aramaic or Pali doesn’t make them useless. Don’t confuse demented bigots with the language. It’s like idiots who hate Urdu because it’s a “Muslim” language.
I’m tellin y’all right now if I meet a Christian woman who happens to be a virgin, she’s getting married on the spot
Muslims ignore these idiot gays. They don’t know you.
Dear islamic terrorism supporter google the term world's top terrorist organisations and u will know the religion of real terrorists... yes I know about barbaric islamic invaders pre colonization and drct action day to moplac massacre and uncountable others by islamic terrorists
Please don't use the word Jihad for such brutal actions. These actions have nothing to do neither with humanity nor with Deen. I even doubt their humanity. They are terrorists and this is an act of terrorism and brutality.
Why do you care to reply to @RahulEaswar ! He's neither man nor woman; Hindu nor Muslim; intelligent nor idiot!
Lol. The people who think earth is flat are question our media . Madrasachap graduates, our media is free to report anything. Don't apply your logic , you country is run by goons and Pakistani Punjabi muslims. . Idiots .
Lord is definitely going to accept a prayer of a man who loves a corrupt leader with a insatiably prejudice administration. Let me guess you’re Christian right? I don’t even support my own radical Muslims or the middle east but you support radical Christians like the KKK I bet?
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy So when the subject of Islam's relationship with terrorism comes up, they react like the empty morons they are.
If you were a muslim, and your Maulana Starts supporting Ram mandir.. what title would you give him? Btw she didn't say he's a muslim because he opposes bjp. Think about this and then, Look at the mirror you'll understand who's an idiot.
as an African - American CHRISTIAN woman, i will not be silent in the face of injustice. i HATE the racism, bigotry, injustice &amp; hatred that is running rampant in the world right now. since age 15/16 when i was able to truly comprehend these issues, my heart cries &amp; breaks
You are the most shameless people with a sanctioned condemned person as your PM you talk about delinquent idiots. Who cares they call them Muslims. If all 1.5 billion Muslims were not peace lovers the world would have been as it is Kashmir under Indian occupation.
We support Rss and this is not a terrorist organisation. Have u ever learn about terrorist attack'by RSS but whole world know who is responsible behind 9/11 attack 26/11 mumbai attack so @alnassar_kw first speak against islamic terrorism. So keep ur mouth shut
The Muslims are coming out of the woodworks like a herd of roaches! They are running for political office everywhere in blue states! If you think idiot democrats like Biden are dangerous, just wait until America is run by the Koran and the sword! #MAGA
Sir it's surprising it's coming 4m u. Who wre responsible 4 1947 partitions &amp; riots. genocide of hindus by razakars hydrabad, pandit genocide kashmir , 4000 islamic terrorism in india ,26/11, bangladesh hindu genocide. Hope u understand words like Kaffir musriq, gazwa e hind
Today’s earlier is was 2 days younger I’m what I’m now and not what I was in my teens, Pakistan presently is an “Islamic” republic do you even know what that means out of all groups Muslim majority will lead the country and that’s the very basic idea of democracy. Idiots
Trans Rights are Human Rights, cosigned by this cis Christian woman.
Will u give some example for terrorism in Islam.give some example. ,I want to know how u see Islamic terrorism.?
@NNdabbour64 That is a load of manure. It says the same thing in translation as it does in Arabic. It is still a pile of hatred and murder.
@obsurfer84 @teenage Dodge rambles on making assertion after assertion with zero evidence and no references in Quran or Hadith. It's garbage
I'm just showing how community leaders voice concerns. Call him idiot, but he has a point and history of oppression backs it up. If you want to close your eyes you are a biggest fool. Asked for 1 example of terror? 2020 delhi riots where muslims were lynched by hindus. More?
Being a media personality now is not practicing law. My original comment was to state my opinion not to impress a wannabe who turns it into a commenting competition. If u like Waleed, who said Islamic terrorism was an "irritant" that's yr choice. Don't wail because not all do.
Hahaha, are u insinuating education isn't GOP top priority at all times Ming!?! Ming think something more nefarious?!? For an October distraction? Gotta got em into school right away~no CV plan needed! DuhVos seems like such a caring christian woman, surely u say this in jest!!
Most humans are complete idiots. In this instance, do I condone their behaviour - ABSOLUTELY NOT. But why are they *muslim* idiots. Not just actual idiots. Also, feel free to name who you mean and not just say specific communities. It's just the one community.
Sean, she made a statement about a blk man, a human being, who was killed in broad daylight by a police officer w/ his knee on his neck while he was handcuffed. Your response to her about why the officer isn't charged is to bring up Islamic terrorism? U dont see your own racism?
@RachelRileyRR is a racist endeavour. She believes in a master race of white Europeans who should be overlords of Christian and Muslim Palestinians, steal their land and treat them like vermin. She is the vile racist. Say NO to Israeli apartheid. #FreePalestine
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia - fear of this. http://t.co/6nqTUXhW36
Saudi Arabia is the epicenter of islamic terrorism! Better u care for yr homeland Kashmir, rather bothering for India's goodwill?
Hate speech is the speech that you happen hate. The problem is that the truth can be ugly, and idiots like to kill the messenger. It is a fact that the month of Ramadan has increased terror attacks every year from Muslims, who commit the most terror killings by a vast majority.
@aqutbuddin He only meant knowledge of his fraudulent religion. Mohammed was an illiterate who didn't know squat.
And add Muslim, you think I didn’t experience racism being called a sand nig** and terrorist by racist idiots
@congressman_aly No, the money comes from Muslims around the world who want a caliphate and the domination of Islam by force.
You idiot if someone had an affair with your husband and you found out who they were what would you do?! This is simply a domestic affair. It could happen in any country. Nothing to do with 'insaf'. All these so called Muslims justifying an adultering actress makes me sick!
@kbalma But there are thousands of lone nut cases all motivated by Islam.
#DrQadri ISIS and other terrorist groups have no legitimacy or authority to declare jihad.They are evil against humanity.We will defeat ISIS
Not everyone a idiot like you who can not see that CAA has nothing to do with Indian Muslim's
How dare you say this? What can we accept from you &amp; Sonia Antonio Maino. Idiot I dare you to ask Muslim mosques and Christian Churches who has grabbed 70% land of India, asked them to give that land for hospital building. @anjanaomkashyap @ArnabGoswamiRTv @Swamy39 @PMOIndia
Have Always say that RR,Bently and Others that you Have seen in Eid by the Muslim Northerners Pained you heartily. Idiot of All time.
@dankmtl Are you now going to play the ignorant argumentative asshole and pretend there is no Arabian peninsula?
@TheInfoIslam Oh good. That get's them out from behind the civilians so that the Peshmerga can kill them.
With the looks of it there is no real or professional soldier left in their forces. All seem to be calling for Jihad like terrorists and trying to infiltrate rather than fight. Whatever professionalism &amp; humanity was left has been done away with.
@anjemchoudary Maybe you can give a talk about how the 53 year old Mohammed raped the 9 year old Aisha. http://t.co/qFk56qU5Og
No one will believe that lie which u are talking about muslims are attacking Hindu where Hindus are weak latest example is West Bengal Hoogli Telenipara radical Islamic Terrorism CM Yogi Ji never taking against a community but those who are try to harm Hindus they have to pay
She is a Radical ISLAMIST, who never condemns Terrorists slaying Non Muslims! Why shud she Support ISLAMISATION of Europe/USA, which will soon engulf All Non Muslims, starting from Christians?
You need to teach Your version of Quran to those terrorists killing people all over world, blast them selves, kill innocent, ISIS n other terror org. We r bearing enough of those bull Shits. Can't buy yr version when we see what r they doing ..Jehad, Gazwa e hind, darulharb
@IAmThe1Teacher @IronmanL1 @stevecorrales80 What do you think we are doing when we accept Muslim immigrants.  What do we get back.
And since @KellyannePolls is a good Republican Christian woman, she must vote the way her husband tells her or God will get her. Am I right?
Wow @SenMcSallyAZ there are hardly any replies that are favourable for you. I almost feel sorry for you. But then I realize that, as a Christian woman, you have allowed children to live in cages, and almost 140,000 Americans die, because you are too weak to do the right thing.
I know as a Christian woman trying her hardest to live right for the Lord, I shouldn't get any joy from another's misery. But it's soooo satisfying when it hits.
Refuse to prove anything. You're full of nonsense. I support taking out radical Islamic terrorists. I lose no sleep with what I did. Radical Christianity was responsible for 9/11? Was responsible for San Bernadino? Is responsible for the continued slaughter of Christians?
Can you say muslim leaders to remove their muslim identity for secularism ? can you say church not issue fatwa to vote against BJP for secularism ? secularism is tool to kill Hindu religion & support radical islam/conversion mad west christian missionaries.
The question is how can you NOT support Trump? If you are a devoted pro life Christian, consider the consequence of Not supporting him. The radical left will be even more powerful and pushing abortion on demand. A vote for Trump will be a vote for LIFE!
@hansthecat But Islam hates free speech.
Things that are happening in #Palestine Is all because of islamic terrorism Innocent kids are brainwashed in name of religion to do jihad .. Muslims hate for #Israeli Jews is not new,u can read quran ,it is full of hatred for Jews That's why for peace plz make changes in quran
no its not i'd say brahman terrorism (if there is 1) is way better than isis n jihaadi islamic terrorism .. correct? YES! that's what ur PEACEFUL islam or quran taught u, wish others get raped! wtf you're so sick ask ur mum n khalla, they know better what (halala) rape is like!!
New PDF sample: *** In Support of a Radical Definition of Orthodoxy *** Antoine Arjakovsky Radical Orthodoxy: A Christian Answer to Postmodern Culture https://www.sheptytskyinstitute.ca/logos-a-journal-of-eastern-christian-studies-vol-47-nos-1-2-2006/ @mfjlewis @RafaeldeArizaga @bearspear @rightscholar @sibersong
@ibnHlophe @eeviewonders @anjemchoudary A criminal to ISIS is anyone that does not agree with their barbaric and inhuman religion.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Don't rely on a single case. Read the pact of Umar.
Very good This idiot is proving that no Muslim even who was involved in #Karseva &amp; is from BJPis allowed bcus of #SanghiCreatures manufacturing defect of hate. Wake up #MukhtarNaqvi, #Shahbaazkhan. #ShaziaIlmi These creatures will never accept you. Basic DNA is defective
These idiots come upon Muslims as if Muslims infringed upon them. While the fact is it was secularistun which couldn't tolerate Allah Shariah, the Law of Quran. Whats wrong with shariah , whats wrong with islam that you hypocrites couldn't take it?
@slmnelmaghrbi @TheInfoIslam Even Muslims don't want to live under a dictatorship. And everybody living in ISIS land hates them.
Did u say Tabligis were wrong, Islamic terrorism is wrong...plz follow first wat u advise to others
@GOVUK #irresponsablereligions to all religions stop being so fucking stupid. Against your human rights to pray in a group. What a load of bollocks. You all need to be disbanded. I.. M sure our NHS workers are proud of you God botheres. As to the Muslim community why idiots
Hard truth? You’re a fucking IDIOT. You’re white babyy you choose to not see what’s happening, to not understand the racism against every other person of color besides you. Asian, Indian, Muslim, Hispanic &amp; especially #BLACKLIVES #BlackLivesMatter #JusticeForGeorgeFloyd
if you don't support islamic terrorism than you are anit muslin and anti minority and a patriot . if u r agianst islamic terroris than you are terrorist. #KhalidSaifi
Balls ? joker! Only if you idiots could see it beyond Hindu Muslim. Yes, There are some sick chuslam pigs that talk about atrocities else Indians are 100 times more safer here than your Napak country. Come out of China &amp; Chuslam butts some day and see the world maybe?
B4 talking on Gujarat riots you should talk on Godhra first. And in 800 years of India's history Hindus has been the victims ri8 from Ghori to malabar riots to Delhi riots &amp; that also includes Gujarat. Even the Sikh gurus weren't spared by muslims idiot. Think b4 u speak.
Of course they passed it. The House is majority left, for now, and the far left has spent decades showing its' unwavering support for radical regimes like Iran due to their shared hatred of the West and its' Judeo-Christian-based principles of Democracy and free trade.
That was Fantastic! Thanks so very much for calling out those pocket-lining, radical, hypocritical, lying, evil...religious frauds. Jerry Fakewell Jr., Fraudklin Graham, et al. are not Christians. They don't follow Christ. They love money &amp; support Trump the Antichrist.
Um... why are you so up in arms about Trump being called an atheist?! Christians are labeled all the fvcking time by folks like you even though a lot of us do NOT support Trump or the GOPs radical ideas. damn find something real to be offended over...
China orders Christians to take down “images of Jesus” in their homes! Imagine a China-dominated world! Yet, there are Christians who support the left and their radical communist/Socialist ideologies. Keep sentiments aside &amp; let’s help re-elect ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩! RT
Do any of you idiots have any comments to make regarding Naz Shah protecting Muslim child rapists? Thought not! Take the knee, not for me thanks. Like my old man from India always said. Fit in son or f..k off
Lets raise Slogan "Azzadi" against Radical Islamic Terrorism in India Will u join me Saba?
Yet you spoke against him but never against what happened in 1990 or ISIS or MULLAHS spreading terrorism using quran so its makes you terrorist supporter and A threat to nation
My mother, when pokemon first came out: oh HELL NO! I am a GOOD, CHRISTIAN WOMAN, and pokemon will corrupt the soul of my child so it needs to stay FAR AWAY FROM US! Me, now an adult 20 years later, drawing a lot of remarkably specific pokemon porn: huh. I guess she was right...
im literally christian and a radical leftist..i support everyone no matter who they are and i am pro choice &amp; a feminist..but they like to generalize and say were all the same but were not its mostly the older generation that thinks like that
@LifeInKhilafah You will see that loss of men and weapons accelerate land loss in the next few months. The Kurds are on the Mosul doorstep.
Killing the sleeping innocent women & children is not Jihad. Jihad is to protect them. Coward terrorists are killing humanity. #KabulAttack
@santafeez Fighting for him would mean not forcing him to become a jihadi hate monster. http://t.co/tFmpcH1aZH
Actually, to the (what you wrongly refer to as) 'Palestinians' , their oppressors are PLO, Hamas, Abbas and all the corrupt leadership . Israel is the safest place in the Mid East for Muslims to live. ........Idiots!
christians love to comment on liberal/radical ideas with "i'm christian and i support this" .....lol thank you kayeleigh ??
Only the American's patriots support the GOP. Democrat party is the headquarters of Communists , socialists ,radical leftist, immoral and muslims,all of them anti Christian and anti American.
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews Eh, they all ostensible follow the ideology of Islam. Radicals follow closely, others less so.
You have no idea about Bharat or Paschim Banga.Modiji knows our love for him.We dont need support of selfish secular muslim supporters idiots.Abusing an entire community shows your mindset
Kislyak uses the word sanction in reference to the FSB and GRU. This is in the context of the U.S. and Russia working together against Islamic terrorism, which those agencies are tasked with.
@realetybytes Mohammed was a paedophile, murderer, rapist, slave trader, bigot, sexist, caravan robber, liar, and imperialist.
@REMY119 Israel is only trying to defend itself against murderous Muslims trying to wipe it out. UN votes by Muslim nations mean nothing.
If RSS is bad in your view, how does breaking of Ganesha’s vigraham justify your view rationally? Ganesha is loved by many non-RSS Tamilian Hindus. Is it not? Since we all know that ISIS are terrorists, can we now expect support from you to burn Quran? Ask your office bearers.
guess what's one of the top motivators for the anti west sentiment used to radicalize muslims.. ur military killing us and ppl who look like us, destroying ppl's homelands for daring to exist. would u understand if i was 'to be fair' ing radical islamic terrorism
Lol. Muslims bow to a rock in mecca that's idolatry. Never mind pagan Ramadan you idiot.
Don't worry sister don't reply this idiot Atheist (murtad). We millions of young muslims love you. You're inspiration for us.
This is what happens in Muslim majority powers. You idiots have no idea.
The worst part is the comments bro. So many idiots, and so many other Hispanic/Asian/Indian/Muslim peoples in there trying to act like they feel it too bro... it’s strictly black people that the police go after. I can’t imagine trying to say you respect ANY popo at this point
https://twitter.com/MeraAalu/status/1261580411081232385?s=19 and the sole fact that you had no reply to this tweet just proves that you are the biased idiot here. i feel bad for the labour class and i blame bjp for not doing more, and i feel bad for kashmiri pandits and muslim women and i blame congress for it.
Why you idiots insist on calling a man who claims Christ a Muslim is beyond me, I hope you’re being sarcastic.
Fastest growing religion? 'muslims' in Islamic countries are leaving Islam by the thousands. Turkey, Iran and Saudi are the prime Examples. Pakistan too is seeing a steady growth in non believers. For every idiot that you brainwash into accepting Islam, 2 people leave your cult.
#BringBackPayal @TwitterIndia u r vry soft on ISLAMIC terrorism,islamic hatred towards othr communities..u nvr suspnd MUSLIM acounts why???? ar all yr employees MUSLIMS??I DOUBT #BringBackPayal
It's a show and you don't know Tommy Robinson? That idiot that said Sweden had areas where the police couldn't enter because of Muslims.
And this is ignorant because the first Christians who came were the Apostles and merchants. Europeans Christians came 300 years later Tje muslims came to with the Islamic slave trade. They invaded India too. The British also ruled India. You sir are an idiot
Frankly, you're no better than my idiot cousin (not one of the cops) who tries to tell me my muslim coworkers and friends are secretly evil terrorists only here to kill us all and force sharia law on us all. The prejudice in this world is disgusting. All of you.
Well then thats a conundrum. Because that conservative march was due to the government imposing on people's right to practice free religion. Just like how planned parent hood is funded by tax payers. Why is it that a christian woman has to pay for something she doesn't believe in
800 years of slavery , rapes , killings , conversions,etc. By Muslim Invaders in India over Hindus... And idiots like you , compare Muslims with blacks in USA which is completely ridiculous... Stop projecting them like victims , they're 200million , they're not minorities!
@ldstarr18 @AC360 Islam is worse than the Nazi party ever was.
@DianH4 Of course The old leach Mohammed gave himself permission to screw pretty much whatever he liked. http://t.co/CttheZ7XUS
@Mohammadasfaq2 did u ever wrote about massacre in kashmir 19 jan 1990 did u ever wrote against radical islamic terrorism/yakub menon/afzal guru did u wrote about tabligi jamat who spread corona /did u ever wrote about illegal rohingya muslim/against pakistan
@TheRock what a disappointment. Why is it we never heard one word from Pedowood while the Muslim Communist w/the hidden past was tearing apart country, hating police n creating BLM, using his 'Rules for Radicals' to create Antifa and their 'useful idiots'. Where were you then?
Honestly I'm tired of all these idiots who have no common sense from all religious groups! Our countrymen are really stupid but when you see the selective propoganda running against muslims and only muslims, you know something is wrong! #lockdownviolations #StopTargetingMuslim
Can you imagine if you idiots realized the "resistance" is how the anti-christ comes. And that you don't give two shits about death as you still praise obama who ran weapons to ISIS and funded the muslim brotherhood wherever he found them.....
@discerningmumin Islam has Hadiths that tell you what hand to use to wipe your ass. There is zero room for individualism in it.
You both RSS and ISIS will go to hell.. muslims and hindu idiots.. dont use Twitter.. because its ours(Christians)
@SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch Name the last person the KKK killed, and you can find 100,000 that have since been killed by Islamists.
Every thing is s as threat for you insecure idiots. You will always build fake reasons to hate Muslims. Hundreds of years of coexistence, but Azaan has suddenly become a threat to u NOW. It says a lot about your prejudices
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Capital Hill is a great example of how seldom the world attacks Islam given the daily provocations.
@greenlinerzjm ISIS follows the Quran and Hadiths exactly. They follow the Sunnah exactly. The evil is in the Quran and Hadiths.
He’s not a Muslim you idiots
https://www.timesnownews.com/amp/india/article/they-shot-my-father-at-the-back-daughter-of-ajay-pandita-shot-dead-by-terrorists-lashes-out-at-cowards/604834?__twitter_impression=true This, this incident happened on 8 June 2020 and u have nothing to speak of it. U completely ignore radical islamic terrorism in kashmir. But for how long? Ha? For how long will u show ur hypocrisy and inhumanity?
What makes you think of that? I am actually laughing at you for your stupidness. I love talking to my fellow muslims from Madarsachap idiots.
Idiot idolater there are 59 Muslim majority countries and no need for you to divide the world purely and very sharply into religious basis
Im not a muslim you stupid fucking idiot how is that hard to understand and no i dont feel like respecting a religion that doesnt respect basic human rights lmao fastest growing religion my arse
Just because you didn’t know and apologized doesn’t make it right. You don’t mock people period. As a Christian woman, you should know this.
“i hope donald trump is making all these muslim go back to islam where they came from” — “not all muslims are from islam you idiot” HAHAHAHAHAHAH OMGG they thought Islam is a country
@bdutt why dont we call them terrorists bride. bcz They r not doing any jihad. they r terrorists, killer f humanity. @womenintheworld
@AOC is an idiot! Her friend &amp; the #Biden2020 crowds friend @IlhanMN &amp; #Antifa want to #DefundThePolice &amp; Police under Muslim rule. Research you morons. Do you not see what these INSANE @TheDemocrats end goal is? #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver
No one is making fun of anything. He is giving you taste of your own medicine. Didn't your ilk use George Floyd as a call to incite more riots in India? This happened in India and u don't care because the perpetrators R radical islamic terrorism.
Listen idiot also tell about navratra and if you have gut also tell about what written in quran about muslim women. All religion need reform doesnot mean you insult particular religion. You know na what quran is
@Jihadii8 @AkEl_Saruman No he's not.  He's an idiot.  He retweets things like "nigger hunting licenses" that never existed. He's a fraud.
Could you idiots wake up, so we can’t take back our country? We are tired of waiting. Muslim rule in Minnesota?
2) We dont know how many people have been omitted from the chain of narrators 3) Did any of those who were omitted classified as Weak or had severe words said against them 4) People omitted, is it possible theyre not Muslim? You're an idiot with your idiotic claims.
It’s not a Muslim ban you idiot, if it was don’t you think Indonesia would be included since it is the most populous Muslim country?
@MaxBlumenthal @mami_mermelada @GrahamDavidA @JeffreyGoldberg Hamas does, however, throw their political opponents off roof tops.
@AMohedin My 2:282 says that you can replace the testimony of one man with that of two women.
Okay. I tell you. I am Indian Muslim. And I am ashamed of the fact that the stabbing took place 1km away from where I live now and an Ignorant idiot Brit is worried about being diplomatic and use right english.
Then why you don't criticize Radical Islamic terrorism The root cause of this problem...have a guts But u r hypocrite selective when it comes to condem Jihadi extru..mist..
@discerningmumin Now Muslim terror groups are trying to complete the job of killing or throwing out any remaining minority groups in Arabia.
Virtue signalling idiot. I want it see you take a knee for girls of #Rotherham , children of #yemen, #yazaidi girls, #muslims in china
You are a liar. As a Sunni Muslim, l pray regularly in Ahmadi mosques near me in downtown Toronto. I have always felt welcome. During every month of Ramadan, we brought food at the mosque to have Itfar together. Stop spreading hatred against Ahmadis. Espèce d'intolérant idiot.
@congressman_aly @jessicaelgot There is no such thing as Islamophobia, just as there is no such thing as Naziphobia.
@AbbsWinston @andyblueskyz In Palestine a woman like you would have been honor killed long ago.
It was a ban on travel from terrorist countries you idiot. Not a Muslim ban.
#QuranForAll Terrorist There is no difference between ISIS pamplet &amp; Quran
3) Muslim life. But I don't understand my religion/culture. She does. I was the idiot that was intruding. Like "Excuse me, I'm sorry, I have lived as a Muslim for more than 20 years. I have no right to speak on it. You do". I'm really sorry ma'am. If you are out there.
Yet again you come with your arrogance and patriarchal attitude and tell me how I as a Black Christian woman am supposed to feel about a woman's right to chose. Spoken like someone who descended from folks who have never had their bodies OWNED by this govt.
¤ Pak sponsored Jihadis killed more Kashmiri Muslims than the number of Jihadi Terrorists killed by Indian forces Jihad is a psychological disorder which will subjugate &amp; destroy humanity &amp; also lead to self-destruction of Jihadis in mutual feuds
@YRohaibani @ajwatamr Are those the Ezidi children murdered by Muslims?
@MalickBee Already did.  Found out that Islam is a vile, bigoted, hateful, murdering, sexist, slavery supporting cult.
You are an idiot.Death has no time for anyone. You can die tomorrow too.. You idiots hatred for Muslims and Northerners is Crystal clear .You rejoice at their death,no wonder u r always descending in life all day. Stupid
and who THE FUCK are YOU to talk in all the Arab and Muslims name? Imagine being an Arab Muslim and supporting him, you are just a fuckin idiot like him and doesn't represent SHIT
so, apparently rapi*t pyare miyan is being used to spread communal hatred, yet again. he wasn't a practicing muslim. pls stop. while, yes, people should definitely hold him accountable, you need to stop spreading your islamophobia. idiots, istg.
Committing a terrible act does not make you suddenly non-Christian. It makes you a really horrible example of a Christian, but there still Christians. Just like all those idiots suicide bomber losers were still Muslims even though they were bad examples of them.
What a joke You belong to a religion which introduced Terrorism to the whole world.... And you pointing fingers at others.. Looks at the mirror... U will see a potential terrorist in it. Whole world is suffering from Islamic terrorism... Needless to say who is animal..
A few idiots from a few years ago is not representative of a whole area, there are no ‘Muslim controlled’ areas that are at all hostile to non-Muslims, this is far-right bollocks propaganda, pushed by people who don’t actually know London. Could you name one of these areas?
The problem is "Islamist Radicalization" Our Army can kill terrorists not the idea of Jihad. For that Muslim community has to reform. "Wahhabi Ideology" feeding Madrassas need to be shut down &amp; pro India, pro Humanity Imams r to be encouraged.
I cannot swear at mother’s or parents but I am sure your not born legally and also makes you a donkey boy! Idiot..... haha
No matter how genuine his account is, why do you take him to be a representative of 200 million Muslims of India? Infact, why take anyone to be a representative of all muslims in India? You have been spoonfed propaganda by the RSS and this Muslim idiot here makes their job easier
Hello everyone here on Twitter. I'm a 57 year old Christian woman who isn't a liar or Scammer. I'm on Social Security Disability and only get one check per month. I'm a caretaker for my boyfriend Frank. He has Lymphedema in his right leg.
@Abu_Baraa1 Why should you be annoyed at being denied rights that you don't give to others. You are a hypocrite.
so you mean everyone is an idiot who dont follow izlam? thanx
Just go through my time line u will get to know how vocal im against Islamic terrorism
It has always happened other way round. Whataboutary of Lutyen's gang and those vocal muslims in media has been frustrating for so many years. But dhimmis like you notice it selectively. This country is well off without idiots like you.
Federal reserve banks destroying Muslims countries because we don’t want sell our oil for the dollar and we can’t even change our money back to using gold currency.Listen up idiots wait until I come to the other side dummies. I will show you losers how not to come for us bastards
When exactly i said Muslims don't believe in Jesus exactly you idiots?
@semzyxx @NAInfidels @owais00 As you can see for yourself, pedophelia is illegal in Israel, but is legal in Muslim countries. Outlaw Islam!
I always tell my friends to stop watching and sharing MEMRI videos. The videos as you said feels idiotic or it's just basically, broadly speaking, telling others that Arabs and Muslims are idiots or backwards. The goal of the channel is clear.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Mankind must outlaw Islam because it will never stop it's hatred. http://t.co/DG7nnMuPvA
1- i am not muslim 2- the third world is only a third world because of the 2 flags in ur bio, you cant blame a victim for being a victim 3- oh you are truley an idiot, yes its rising because of the natural population growth 4- there was never a jewish population in jordan
So at the very least you’ve confirmed that you think a piece of cloth is more important than social justice and that you support anti-LGBTQ radical Christian groups. Sounds like someone our country can get behind.
If you tell a Christian woman "hey you are wrong" and then she gets mad at you for being right (because she is a woman and inherently wrong) She will get mad at you! And this, this is not acceptable!
the most telling thing about what makes an idiot is when you look at his bio and claims to be part of three major religions that fundamentally oppose each other. (jewish/christan/muslim) here is why: you can be both jewish and christian as the later accepts jesus of bethlehem...
Human Rights Campaign: A Christian woman kidnapped by Muslims - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/Xp9Y7JR4 عبر @Change
U want to see the islamic terrorism in France? Because it does exactly the same but I guess since they are white then it's cool to kill them innit?
You are so foolish + blinded with your usual hate for muslims to actually see that most people in those pictures are actually muslim.. ofcourse idiots like you must always push an agenda.
They are not hindus, they are liberals and educated idiots,when muslims will become majority and they start killing people people like you will die first .
UNhuman rights council is a criminal illegal islamic jihadist terrorist group fuelling islamic jihad against the west. Humanitarian aid funds global terrorism and this council is involved in limitless crimes against humanity. Go Trump! @truthophobes.com
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia - fear of this. http://t.co/NWjzljBhOe
Oh really those who claiming amthey are opressed ones are the biggest optessors in kashmir do u know that?? They even kills even teenage boys Yelling Islamic slogans ..we will bkt tolerate bloody Islamic terrorism .period
@zh_ha89 Islam does nothing but freeze the status of women to the 7th century.
Lemme guess....you’re a good Christian woman wishing death on someone whose politics you oppose. Have I got that right? Jesus laughed.
Dummy the lividity was made up by Rabia for a podcast. It isn’t real. They never put it into the appeal. Scary Muslim? He was an idiot boy who was butthurt he got dumped. Why you gotta be racial? IPV is common
@Amyloukingery Love it when these idiot national leaders claim that terrorism has nothing to do with Islam, and  not one has read the Quran.
Guys like you have been brainwashed by Idiot Leaders like Swamy, RSS Facist Modi they was inciting violence, hatred towards Islam. Same time you guys was licking Muslim ars in GCC. Sort out your filthy . does not have Abu Muslim country are 53 populations is 2 billion!!
Yeah right! Like Punjabi Pakistanis cutting their Balouch brother- don’t talks like an idiot - you guy are slaves of China from selling donkey and daughters ! Hypocrisy of top shelve - can’t question China on Uyghur oppression! Calling yourself Muslim ummah as a torch bearer!
And also you have no idea what Muslims do to our kids in the uk. Google it. Never mind the fact they kept white people as slaves for over 200 years. Read a book you absolute idiot
@_enzk @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch The mess was there long before the US. The entire history of Islam is murder http://t.co/n0oXQ2kkUb
Why do you hate India..?! What’s the issue Hindu Muimlim..? Their are idiots everywhere who keep on fighting it’s true thode hindu muslim karthe hey, hindu 80% hone ke baadh bhi hum aap ko benifits dethe hey aur aap humare pay hatred dikha the ho.!
U mean ppl like u r here for violence is dis the Ur reason to be here Stop Islamic terrorism
Haha .... really u stop ur whatboutry and accept Islamic terrorism is a real threat to the world ... stop ur hypocrisy
There is no diff b/w hindutva and hinduism. Religious bigots and Radical Islamic Terrorism is attacking hinduism just like pakistan &amp; u guys taking name of hindutva.Getting killed by u peoples silently is tolerance and when we attack in self defence u start playing victim card.
You are right Dr. Fair, many Indian Americans did in hopes that this orange idiot is so anti Muslim he will tighten the screws on Pakistan. Instead this guy seems to be making deals with Pakistan. Even then I told my Indian friends, he only sees brown doesn’t care Pak or Indian!
@obsurfer84 Furthermore, all the Hadiths about Aisha's age are classified as Sahih - meaning Sound.
Well now LGBTQ what in the World are you radical lefties going to do about it ? I’m a Christian &amp; thou I don’t support your life style none the less I am tolerant of your behavior but as everyone can see Muslims are not so tolerant. Danger Will Robinson Danger.
@RichardDawkins The fact that there were two layers of evil to be dealt with in Iraq doesn't mean they should both be left alone.
Very disappointing not one of them called Brazile out. You know they had to be thinking about the liar when she said that. The known GO TO HELL LIAR. Remember when she got caught by Megyn Kelly and she said I'm a good christian woman? Yeah right!
We are already digesting Islamic terrorism worldwide...what more u want?
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Muslims invaded and conquered 2/3 of Christianity before Christians responded. So stick your lies.
RT @saraewilliams: New chant outside the diwan in #Amman: "No Tahawi, no Zarqawi, we want to execute al-Rishawi"
95% of the world's terrorist-caused deaths are in Muslim majority regions, with less than .01% of those deaths occurring in Israel. But yeah, you totally are just talking statistics with not at all some antisemitic bent.
@Raja5aab @Quickieleaks You challenge has been accepted, you have been given better verses, proving the Quran is a fraud.
@dankmtl @AAlwuhaib1977 @PeaceNotHate_ Actually, I don't think it is possible to distinguish between Islam and Nazism.
You idiot from PFI, you mentioned you worked in software company for 15 years. Why you left. There are lakhs of muslims working IN software companies at all levels and even getting retired. Your ideology is to spread Islamism. Then why not we ? Yours is only religion ?
No one is disagreeing with you. This is about the best response to an issue. Unless you can demonstrate organised orchestrated activity, it is just individual criminality. You surely are not going to target every muslim just because one or two idiots attacked a Gurudwara
He has ilm of gayb . A Taliban worshipper who doesn't know the Kufr Taliban has openly vehemently endorsed. Sufis worshipping graves are not Muslim you idiot @__IshfaqAhmad . Let's talk with evidence
@SelenaKhan14 @PTISalarKhan @georgegalloway It's nothing compared to Muslim Pakistani mobs murdering Christians and Hindus on fake blasphemy
@obsurfer84 @teenage Let people read the Quran and see that it comes from hate. http://t.co/cuQDA0n32q
God your an idiot. Muslims are allowed to cohabit with any of their female slaves. Surah iv. 3: "Then marry what seems good to you of women, by twos, or threes, or fours; and if ye fear that ye cannot be equitable, then only one, or what your right hands possess." 1/2
Islam teaches Pedophilism,rules and regulations correlated to sex. For example - Circumscission, Halala etc.. Muslims are not terrorists as they are compelled to become terrorists. The will of Jihad is being passed since the time of Muhammad making it a curse for humanity.
@halalcunty @biebervalue @liamxkiwi @greenlinerzjm @halalflaws If you walked down Saudi street dressed like in yr picture would be arrested.
Nigga had the Infinity Gauntlet as a support system and turned into a Christian radical.
Stop tweeting me if you don't know your facts. Entire world knows ziya tax was nothing but forcing Hindus to convert. You idiots did the same in Kashmir, MOPLAH,Bengal,UP etc. Muslims can NEVER be TRUSTED. Your actions,Thinking&amp; Motives speak louder than your Koran Sharif
Actually holi Quran must be preached by maulvis and mullas in light of humanity.e.g. 'jihad'means self purification,but the teach to kill others!'Taliban'means student,but they prepare terrorists as talibans.'Kafir'means follower of Islam not practicing Islam,not of other faith.
Mossad agents are no different than HAMAS or ISIS terrorists except for the number of murders per incident. If you judge right and wrong by quantity, you are not doing it right. The Mossad does not believe in the Torah, just as the Jihaddists (so?) do not believe in the Quran.
U r the terrorist, even u check record u terrorism born by a single community, radical Islamic terrorism.
Where do you get this information from? Feroz was Parsi and not Muslim as RSS makes him because they know idiots don't even use Google to verify their lies.
He is one of the idiot leader of our country, he only knows, how to raise hatred against Muslim minorities, you will find so many example like this, which not only include politicians but also include journalists, actors, scholars and list go on
There’s no point talking to him. This idiot is a trump supporter. A Muslim trump supporter . What a joke of a human being. Imagine supporting a guy that hate you.
Have you love all the idiots raging about the justified citing of far right loons with agendas who have timelines reveling they're far right loons with agendas. Really, really gets you there being a Muslim justice minister doesn't it?
interfering in Kashm!r, but how could they? Simply bcz Muslims want a separate Islamic state with Sharia. Nothing else. I hope this happens to ur country& u. Until 9/11, there was no such thing as Islamic terrorism for the west. Similarly, u don't have the taste of...
@IftikharAwan Did your prophet behead people like ISIS - yes.  Did he enslave people like ISIS - yes.  Did he murder people like ISIS - yes.
Idiot,I’m not a muslim!!but basically you must know the power of religions
Mr. Khan. Since you are so tech savvy go and watch videos which are circulating on the internet showing Sikh’s sanitising Jama Masjid. Vaishno Devi shrine board feeding Muslims with sehri during Ramazan fast. I am sure an idiot like you will say those are fake videos!!
Are you telling this to everyone or just one sect that doesn’t believe in Jihad? It’s easy to feel emotional to say “humanity first, religion and caste later.” We’ve been following that all our lives and ended up being called “Hindu terrorists”, so I suggest advise who needs it.
@KeeganNYC And how about if we investigate the hate speech in the Quran. http://t.co/ijl3sVLMvj
Dirty thinking..... If you saying about minority you should start with parsi.... Muslims are second large community.... you idiot... it's not necessary, an ugly person should've ugly thoughts
1 christian woman and 1 girl who just needs to be right at all times . wish my emotional support anime boy would save me
Why this extension @FATFNews?Do you believe this failed Army state can deliver?Most of UN designated terrorist are in Pakistan,Due to their support taliban killed around 4000 this year in Afghanistan.Their leaders ask for Jihad on TV,they r cancer for Humanity. @majorgauravarya
wasn't he trying to ban immigration from specific countries where ISIS influence and Islamic terrorism in genereal were common? look, i'm neither trying to defend those policies nor i am his supporter (i'm not even american), but what u referring to is bullshit
First u stand up against radical islamic terrorism!! Why at that time, terrror has no religion?
So she is a lying Christian woman then. Do I have this right?
Reminder!Rich Swinton is an IDIOT. The only fraud is the democrat backed undocumented and muslims (multiple mohameds and begums) voting even for the dead. Remember PamZekman investigation,2016-'Vote early, vote often, vote even if you are dead'. Easy to vote many mail-in ballots
Really ? I said Muslims have to face double checking , if needed. IF NEEDED , only , depend on the situation . Banda was assassinated by individual, but these extremist idiots is world wide net work ,their purposes will be differed to others ,but if u are Muslim ,you won’t get it
I don't have to be American to see idiocy & race baiting? I live a country where racism is in constitution, putting me, a muslim, ahead of everyone else! What you have there it's hardly racism, just bunch of hysterical &amp; virtue signalling idiots with police brutality problem!
Which rights? Muslims already have all the rights as much as everyone else. Wtf is wrong with you. And don't think every Muslim is an idiot like you. There are good Muslims as well, and they want peace.
Your colleague sprees hate and contempt for Christians and Jews. She praises Radical Islam and wants us to fall in line. You and your colleagues are a disgrace for supporting someone like her. We support Muslims but not Radical!
Although you're obviously an idiot and have nothing worthwhile going on in your head, I am sort of intrigued by why you think misspelling words related to Muslims is somehow clever.
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 And you lie again. The majority of Muslims were forced into it. http://t.co/uMKItLB5h9
Its funny u see a few posts and everyone starts to focus on the negative tweets, and it gets trending, try to focus on the positive, there will always be a few idiots around, when u fight like this and ridicule one another you give ALL muslims a bad name not sunnis and shias
Yeah, yeah, blah, blah..dominated by Zionists? LOL! You idiot. You said it was not democratic &amp; I showed you the UN Partition vote. Democracy in action, even if you don't like the vote. I don't care for the UN either, because it's dominated by the Muslim block today.
fundamentalist in BJP say "by Islamic terrorism they mean only those muslims involved in terrorism &amp; not entire muslim" U say "by Brahmanism u mean only those Brahmins involved in hegemony &amp; not entire Brahmins" In practice all Brahmins &amp; Muslims r attacked.U both r same to us
You guy's make THIS too easy, speaking of suburbia, hey,any of you IDIOTS seen Joe Biden's plan for the "suburbs"?,just think of EUROPE!, NO assimilation,NO boarder's, multi-culture immigrants being shipped from Sharia Law Muslim countries,that's Joe Biden's plan for the suburbs!
@BigOleFiggletin You should look at yourself in the mirror and ask your self that despite being an old idiot, why is your mindset and mentality worst than a 5 years old kid, even a 5 years old kid can teach you ethics and again I'm proud that I'm a Muslim Alhamdulillah.
Go look at the slave trade still on-going in Arab, look at the LGBT community y’all kill daily in the Middle East. Also, you can deny ISIS but they read the same Quran. Muslims are terrorists
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews All Muslims share an ideology that is spelled out as bigoted, sexist, imperialists, homophobic.
You all indians keep live in 1971 Its 2020.... Bangladesh is independent Muslim nation &amp; they didnt given you a kilometre of the east bangal So its victory of Bangalis not Indians "Begani shadi ma abdullah dewana" Your name should be Mjr Gawar Arya not Gaurav Arya idiot
This is quite comical. Where's there sense of humor? It's how all of us real Americans feel when we see an obvious muslim now. It's no different than one bad cop killing Floyd, and then all you idiots hating every cop you see.
You morons are fighting for racial justice yet support China...I guess hundreds of thousands of muslims slaves in chains and oppression for chinese citizens is something you idiots support! Watch your ratings sink this year!
first u stop Islamic terrorism than think about India,..ok.. Chal bhag
@dankmtl The holocaust was by Nazis. And the people who fought, killed and stopped them where Christian westerners.
7. Anything you've heard different That #Nazis &amp; #Fascists #RightWing (which is small government/individual freedom-EXACT OPPOSITE!) Is like Sunni &amp; Shia saying other not Muslim &amp; fighting Just propaganda written by apologist useful idiots &amp; fellow travellers distancing selves
no you idiot most Muslims don’t even much about knows Hinduism let alone bashing it. Only south Asian Muslims have knowledge of Hinduism that’s it. Muslims of other countries don’t know and don’t care about you guys. It’s fact on the other hand you Hindus have love nothing
Aw it’s so cute when people block you when you’re correct. How is an idiot, failed comedian like him verified? #aamerrahman #comedy #bbc #ukcomedy #unfunny #muslim #colonisers #colonialism #asia
Whole world and science is against islam. You are really a Third class Atheist. or Fake Ex Muslim. your character shows you are the biggest idiot in twitter. And you also know about 1000s of mistakes in quran and mohds fake stories????
because he's a rare peace loving yogi, who wants to bomb Muslims into oblivion and thinks a pu$$y grabbing conman is the second coming of Buddha give him $10 for access to his Youtube vault, which will guide you to inner peace &amp; conspiracy theories for idiots.. mostly latter
So what? native people are starving arounds and they are rich.Woow! what a big favor for world! They call them s muslims and they left yemens children for hunger. İf you were a good muslims you would have satisfied reasons to hate them! İdiot!
RT @EVIL_DAESH: 12-yr-old sold as #ISIS slave to a 50-yr-old man said she didn't know what rape meant- only that she woke up bleeding http:…
Our President Trump is our President not a Pastor I am a very devout Christian Woman who 100% supports him I also PRAY FOR HIM The Lord doesn't choose perfect vessels BUT YEILDED VESSELS We are THE REDEEMED With everything coming against him right now WE NEED TO STAND WITH HIM
@yousufpoosuf @RKingLive2Dance @izrinhariri But the fact that Islam is a declaration of war means that Islam will always produce terrorists.
You are an idiot atheist should remove Muslim name also I remember your tweet asking people to kick out Kashmiris from India after Pakistan won cricket match.
So we can say everyone "Quran ki verses ko tor maroor kr apnay maqsad kay liye istamaal kartay hai" ISIS ko kis ne banaya that doesn't matter...why is America unable to make terrorist group from Hindus, Buddhist or Christian? Why are only Muslims getting convince by Americans?
Pseudo-Atheist You r a overqualified JIHADI providing Intellectual-Jihad Al-Taqiya protection to Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians Muslim-Jihadis-Rapists-Looters-Terrorists conspiring against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity for Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD+ @HMOIndia
Im not even muslim you idiot
Hey, I probably shouldn’t come into this conversation but I wanted to say I’m a Christian woman against abortion, and I’m not against abortion to control people, I’m against it because I just don’t think it’s right. I know this is an unpopular opinion but it’s how I feel.
@khanumarfa @RanaAyyub @_sabanaqvi @BDUTT @shahid_siddiqui @sardesairajdeep @ShekharGupta @ashutosh83B @ndtv @PrannoyRoyNDTV This is lynching U all must rise voice on Islamic terrorism. @AmitShah @Swamy39 @rajnathsingh @theskindoctor13 @ashokepandit @SureshChavhanke @republic
When whole world is telling Islamic terrorism u r talking about http://hindu.in u Kashmir u kill 5 lakh kasmiri pandit.and force to displace them.a true muslim believe in gajwa e hind.
Phillip both dogs we're very good dogs and you could stroke them they loved children but that day that idiot turned up and what got me so annoyed he once on a public forum said i protected paedophile Muslims WTF! I set the dogs on the twat and deserved
The fact that you say you’re Muslim as well and still continue to obviously support those biased and racist views, means you’re just as much as the problem as the people saying it. Check yourself, idiot.
The World got together to fight #fascism,the great danger to progressive humanity.What holds us now to fight a #terrorist ideology #jihad?
Glad u answered with a high spirit &amp; with an LOL. No one suggested that roses were dropped in decades long war. However IDF is fighting multiplayers on multiple fronts U already know who, in addition of fighting Islamic terrorism. IDF CAN B a great friend if treated as such.
What about Islamic terrorism? U have no guts to tweet about it, why?
I see your comment in every post, are you foolish or what? India is the second-most Muslim populated country in the world. It has more Muslims than Pakistan and Bangladesh. And you want these Muslims to evacuate India. You stupid Idiot fool Clearly Andh Bhakt.
Christians who are pro Trump / Biden - you are hypocrites 4hiding behind them and support riots, looting by ignoring the reasons behind them. US needs a radical political change. No more @GOP and @DNC but a unified party to fight for ALL of us, not only for the 1% rich! REPENT!
Good Christian woman right there... Bitchass.
This How RSS Is Spreading Hate Against Our Muslim sister RSS People Don't Follow Vedas Geetha Ramayan Same Like ISIS Never Followed Quran Hadees There Is No Change Between ISIS And RSS #Islamophobia #RSS_terrorist_Organization #Islamophobiainindia
we hv no need to fear abut this typ of statmnt which is alys creat a grt safty zone for islamic terrorism and jihadi also frst u hv need why why analysis ur stamnt indyrctly generate new propaganda for jihadi safty 99% muslim r not terrorist but 99% terrorist r muslim
@Clashoftherats I also know that you are lying because I have three translated Qurans that say the same thing as the translations I gave you
@loveconcursall @ottomanland ....same time admiring the Ottoman state which was a total authoritarian slave state.
Didi aapko chota sa answer de doon. I don't which idiot created the concept of Good Muslim Bad Muslim. For me a Hindu is Hindu that's it. Also you might see most of the misbehave against Muslim are raised by Non Muslim. Question is how many Muslims condemn a Terrorist attack.
And you idiots didn't even realise that you were radicalised over death of mostly "infidels", because for some reason Bosnians were called "Muslims" in ex-Yugoslavia.
What should one call this(idiot?) Nobody care about gulam rasool it's the 'land' India care about, if you want yogi ji can change the name. How come so called moderate Muslims so intolerant and insanely religious?
You wear the damn mask if you want. Don’t even think of mandating to the rest of us. Are you a radical Muslim? If not you’re still a radical no mind idiot.
@narendramodi is promoting radical hindutva politics. Churches, Mosques have been attacked, pastors, imams burnt, muslims lynched, christians lynched and you support that and call it a democracy? Are you crazy? You are losing people's votes over this!
You enabled right wing useful idiots like Yasmine, Armin, Rubin, Asra etc! But refused to help progressive Ex Muslim asylum seekers!
I'm a Christian but i cannot in good conscience support a hypocrite like the #LiarFromTheShire he is a radical zealot, I half expect him to be the master of self flagellation as punishment for his crazed delusions
Hey @anuragkashyap72 What happend to u on #Mobynching now ? Is @anuragkashyap72 a #coward? Isn't it islamic Terrorism? Or again terrorism have no religion now ? Isn't Police involved in the killing of 3 Hindu people ? Soo silent u guys are man. Shame on u and ur upbringing.
@New_Babylonia @fanarhaddad Saudis regard ISIS as a threat. It's who is defeating them that they have a problem with.
⁦@PeteButtigieg⁩ IS NOT A CHRISTIAN! U cannot claim to be a Christian when U support the murder of the most innocent &amp; precious lives! GO HOME! Pete Buttigieg faces backlash from pro-life women after infanticide answer: 'You're extremely radical'
@etsho127 @PAWarnhoff @SumerSloan They could never choose.  Islam has given them nothing but Caliphates and dictatorships for 1400 years.
@PalestineSocial @uygaraktas That's because Gaza is full of Jihadi criminals who have never done a days work in their lives.
He killed d entire humanity&amp; who soever safe a soul, is like saving entire humanity. Islam or Quran did not ask anyone to kill in d name of jihad. Until we collectively show d terrorists DAT, there's no scripture backing there atrocities. And we face them as one people, things..
#SaveKashmir from Pakistan oppression. We need to liberate PoK from Pakistan military. Also, #SaveKashmir from radical Wahabbi-Pakistani plans. This is why we support repeal of 370, to liberate all of J&amp;K and promote moderate Muslims, minorities, Christians, Hindus, women, LGBT.
@buellerishere Who cares. ISIS does what Mohammed did. Tens of thousands also do and have joined him. Muslims crazy. http://t.co/JXkY2pdJ93
@dankmtl No, the problem of the Palestinians and all Muslims is that they cannot stand for a Jewish state to exist on the peninsula.
Lmao modern woman trying so hard to defend degeneracy as a "christian" woman. What's right speaks for itself, evil is constantly justified with endless excuses.
@PatVPeters Funny how defenders of Islam like to bring up the crusades. But the Muslim crusaders were attacking Christianity first.
Booming? Booming with racism, ridicule of police, mockery of Christians. Booming with support of radical muslim terrorism, socialism and general disregard for most Americans.
Says the idiot. You can't start a guerrilla war and then complain about the losses. This is my original point, when non-Muslim lost a war it is genocide, when Muslim civilians lost lives it is just war casualties.
He mad radical islam worse and hurt US racial relations even speaking against court decisions after the facts came out and found cops justified. He went against christian values by advocating for gay marriage even though civil unions were seeing bipartisan support in congress
What is the judicial institution it expresses to prosecute the killers of Jihad Al-Asbahi? Your tweets show your support for the Houthi terrorist gang that ended humanity and women's rights @kbsalsaud @MohammedBenAnam @ERYANIM @wesamee @MJumeh
How the coronavirus pandemic shows that Christian white nationalism is a much greater threat to the US than radical Islam
#BoycottChineseProducts Definitely, I agree with you. This is what needs to be understood by idiots commenting about iPhones or labeling people as bakhts. Aur kami rah jaye toh start playing the Muslim card.
@Clashoftherats Liar. Those Hadith come from the USC Muslim student association Hadith web site. And here is more. http://t.co/v9w4T4izgk
@zh_ha89 You just proved that you are stupid.  I just showed you the Hadiths where Mohammed calls women stupid and you still deny it.
RT @MrPolyatheist: Now let's be clear: it's NOT the "minority" within Islam that believes in violence against blasphemers. It's the majorit…
I’ve had too much from Donna B. Using my Savior’s name in vain right on air on The Five tonight. Shame on Donna who called herself a good Christian woman at one point last year. Shame on Fox, shame on the rest of the panel for not speaking up.
Celebrating the strength and resilience of women! Naureen Akhtar is a Christian woman who has been empowering women by participating in community forums, working towards gender equality, equal rights, as well as an end to violence against women. #InternationalWomensDay
Too many of the schools you support are about Radical Christian Right Indoctrination, not Education. A violation of the Constitution and the 1st Amendment. We will tell Treasury to re-examine their tax-exempt status when we take over 1/20/2021.
You tell me everything I need to know by your response—Christian woman. The pre-Trump “status quo” was protecting and promoting civil rights, voting rights, health care, equal pay, better education, humane treatment for immigrants, denouncing racism. Current day is what’s evil.
She is a Radical ISLAMIST, who never condemns Terrorists slaying Non Muslims! Why shud she Support ISLAMISATION of Europe/USA, which will soon engulf All Non Muslims, starting from Christians? WAKE UP WORLD, BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Whaat! Turkey is fighting Uyghur muslims Turkey just can’t fight huge country like China, but she is not against muslims, you idiot
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And you are an obvious liar, because you pick the smallest part of the story to tell your lie with.
@MaxBlumenthal @Ajzionts Has Bloomenthal ever written about the endless attacks by his Muslims on Egyptian Copts? http://t.co/xeGlOFsNWJ
Those losers snakes that got exposed by God is everyone I know don’t play stupid with me now. The federal reserve killed with black magic as well trying to save the dollar well you idiots shouldn’t destroy all the Muslim countries to begin with not smart. Anyways God has my back!
@JosephIsVegan @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch There have been 22,000 Islamic terrorist attacks since 9/11.
Sorry, dems not getting my vote, u support Islamic terrorism amd meddle in Indian internal affairs
I'm going to explain this like you're an idiot because it isn't helping. A majority of Muslims believe that internal jihad is more important. This has almost ALWAYS been the case, and I didn't dispute this. This doesn't mean that "religious war against nonbelievers" is not jihad.
Every Fk muslim never gone against The Russians culprits killers of everything muslim and these ex proletarian muslim idiots, always goes against America! "Wrong on you! But, only concerns Palestinians, yes, only Trump!
Hello Nigerian muslims, is this idiot speaking for you? It will be nice for you to come out and distance yourself from this or the statement will be true of you and your child abusing prophet
No one say Hindu Terrorist! Except INC,Left,Indian Muslims! Why? Because Muslim r worldwide known as Terrorist, Migraine to Human Existence. Curse on Humanity, Can't Coexist, Always thinking of Conversation from Darul Harb to Darul Islam. Dreaming Raping Kafirs,love jihad.
What can I expect from terrorists ? They are inhuman..pakis r Islamic jihad war mongers , I can expect that from them..what did we do when they attack? When will be outraged for own people , own kind ,own voters,own humanity .
For the same reasons I tell it again & again. “When it comes to Kashmir, Indian Muslims &amp; Sanghis are on same page. &amp; I will never try to engage with idiots like u, seeing your shit posts more venomous than Sanghis. Just bug off you Ganga Jamuni cults
That's a complete lie & you know it. Britain has a huge &amp; widely publicized problem with Muslim grooming gangs &amp; knife attacks. Yet you're ALL ABOUT defending them. British liberals are complete idiots.
If something is bad then it is bad. Donnow wy people compare it with others & dilute d threat. Islamic terrorism need to counter strongly by authorities. Bt people like u inspire other Muslims to becme terrorist by legitimizing d issue wid comparing rss, white supremacist bla bla
The man who saddled the NHS with billions in PFI debt, opened the NHS up to private providers, deregulated the banks, took the U.K. into an illegal war, opened up the gates of hell in the Middle East &amp; brought Islamic terrorism to our streets? Sod off!!
Awesome Job #IndianArmy #India ! #Pakistan is synon with #Terrorism #SuicideSquad #Jihad. No mercy 4 #Pakistani #Islamic #Terrorists , #ISI or @OfficialDGISPR. Disgrace to humanity looting poor #Pakistanis &amp; spoiling #Islam name. #FreeBalochistan . No wonder #world despise them
What slogan ISIS is using on it's flag, give me the translation please? What these terrorists organisation specify with there name "JAIS-E-MOHAMMAD" And what's the concept of Darul Islam? I have started reading Quran brother, let's see what's more in that(specially chapter 8)
@thepoliticalcat @MaxBlumenthal @Campagnebds Because there are no Zionist thugs. Just people protecting themselves from Muslim head choppers
Yes, im aware there's a difference between Arabs & Muslims. The phenomenon of wife beating ISNT unique to Arabs (are you being racist against Arabs???). The phenomenon of wife beating is seem throughout Islamic societies around the globe. From Pashtuns to Indonesians... IDIOT!
true i respect quran i follow it if you can understand it the meanings are very well well versed but fact is some idiots have manipulated it to suit their nefarious designs and have exploited innocent Muslims to do things not mentioned in Quran that is were you need to worry
Go search Muslim in China you will find the real meening of Azadi. Just a random demo video https://youtu.be/iNxIUSCvpPQ One more thing You will not need a passport dont worry Our Indian army is taking care of those idiot
You can't write English , this is a stupid word salad equating conventional wars/conflicts w religious terrorism/intolerance which nowadays is almost solely Islamic. Idiot : -Islamic conquests / imperialism -Biggest slave trade was done by Muslims in Africa. -Ottoman genocides.
Better you save muslim girls doing prostitution you will get some sabaab idiot community people
Liz why don’t you use your married name like good Christian woman do ? Oh that’s right you are riding daddies coat tails ..all about money and filling your pockets ! Go sit down and shut up
Read UNHRC report on India, you will know what Modi did to Muslims, so my views are not personal whole world is talking about it. you are too blind to accept it. 2. In protest some idiots get a chance to create havoc, it is true everywhere, doesn't mean all protestors are bad.
Guys u know when u debate with someone who is from islam on islamic terrorism means u r wasting your whole time. This is just like pakistan who always says we r most peaceful contry around the world.. Sala poora din barbaad ho gya
Bla bla bla... Say someone who have not even debate with a learned muslim. I see so many videos of village idiot mindset like you being schooled. Its very cringy when they speak with zero knowledge.
Foolish Yoruba Muslim Arakunrin. Idiot, you don't know ur age mate to counter abi. Ewu
In the name of "Allah hu akbar"? Please show me one single verse in the Quran, with the correct context, which instructs Muslims to kill non-Muslims? You will not find one. ISIS and Al-Qaeda are terrorists that falsify the teachings of Islam for their own agenda
@NNdabbour64 Yes, people can believe what they want. But Islam doesn't give them that choice.
Red herring. Why are your mouth full of sewage? Why would I debate a liar who says he doesn't retweet for support, then slanders and ridicules Muslims and calls them idiots? It fits nicely with ur style. Here you r with him Dummy.
The name Zarar itself shows who were and still illegitimate children of muslims. Your family women were raped and idiot like you were born And know you call yourself a proud mulla(Victim of Islam ) (Tapa Tap Tapa Tap ) (Ghapa ghap ghapa ghap ) Hadd hai bc
fucking idiots. why the hell do you care if a non-meat product is labelled halal or not? be a good muslim and don't eat it if you're suspicious. but charging a fee for a non-muslim product to be certified "safe for muslims" is nothing but religious tax on non-muslims.
saying You better tell that got damn muslim you have spying on me you fear the USA country but you idiots need to fear me. NOW LOOK AT MECCA NIGGƏR! CREATES A NIGGƏR TO REALIZE YOU NIGGƏR NUMEROUS COMPLEXIONS. I'LL SMACK A NIGGƏR USING A CRANE. Compliments of Sampaio.
@GeneralBakshi Please DON'T call d Salafi-ISI Terrorists #Jihad-is-Thy Enemies of #Islam, Humanity, Just as #RSS, #Fekus of #HInduism-#India
Terrorist talking about humanity Falsely blaming Hindus for the agenda of jihad and Gazwa e hind
He says PTI more religious and we are not ,,, idiot , Shame on you ,,,, we are Muslim and we are proud of it
@Zidano70Majid @MaxBlumenthal Fuck you. Every Palestinian school teaches children to hate Jews and Kuffir.
@nura_skippor @ameerahusman Islam is 1000 years of contributing nothing to mankind but murder and hatred.
When Fuckistan being a islamic terrorism, u ppl will see India as hindutva. It is ur foolishness. India is hindustan where people in diversity. If u have brain Google it. Poor Fuckistan already in debts failed to success jealous about India.
You muslims are the problem , first divided our subcontinent , didn't go to pakistan and then , you will not respect hindus and use anything in name of secularism and btw delusion is a serious disorder related to schizophrenia and the word shouldn't be used lightly Idiots
I got Sunni friends that hate Wahabbis so whats good dude, you’re just some fool with a cloak of brandishing yourself as a Shia or something to make Muslims as a whole look like idiots
and all u have to b a muslim to defend jinnah nd radical islamic terrorism
You want all Muslims to take the burden because of the actions of idiots
What is contradicting in that? Prompt means quick. The Gov was quick to take action of lockdown, which has helped India a lot. Check the number of deaths and cases. Better than many other countries. Idiot muslims thought if you do namaz,Corona wont affect you.
#Pakistan is terrorist state,Jihad factory&amp;breeding ground of Islamic extremists,churning out terrorists, threatening Global peace&amp;humanity.
Damnit Tony! Stop being that hot right now!! I’m a Christian woman! pic.twitter.com/CTXmCMrJ6v
Actually, Israelis are quite happy with radical right Christians who support Christian Zionism. Many "fundagelicals" who believe that only when Israel is cleared of Arabs can Jesus return. The provide hateful bedfellows to too many Israelis.
U are Still scared to call out Jihad Still scared to call out Pakistan Still scared to call out Islamic terrorism Only the platitudes - violence.. innocents &amp; bla bla . U r brushing the role of abv by calling it a Violence as if its some street brawl &amp; both sides r indulging
Is this guy a muslim? Does he follow islam? Do you think he is speaking anything out of quran? Do you think what he said is wrong? Do you think that the interpretation these people are doing are just like idiots ?
Show me where she has actually condemned radical Islam, the attacks on the world trade centers, attacks on Christians, and we'll let it go. She side steps the question every time! I would also like to here her say I support 100% Israel! We know that wont happen!
You made a good point about NATO's war crimes against humanity. Unfortunately with the same breath you promote NATO's dirty narrative that demonizes the word Jihad. Terrorists are NOT Jihadists. Jihad is a sacred struggle not terrorism.
When will ur biradar report the truth about pathetic lives of Muslims in China? Or are you all saying China is rightly blindfolding idiots n keeping them slaves?
How is someone a so called christian, so easily to speak about god; yet indulging war as if it was a holy command? You either hate humanity or your values are all wrong. Not even Satanic people support radical wars, but damn.
Mostly along Iran Balochistan Border. If you say this small pockets of Muslim communities were rulers of those areas, (Ceylon/Sri Lanka was different) you are an idiot. All Muslim communities till 12 the century were under Hindu Empires control.
So you talk of destroying billions of muslims and still dont consider yourself a terrorist...what an idiot.
Watch #CInews: The Christian Institute expresses its support for a church’s legal action against Edinburgh Council; Westminster introduces a radical new abortion law in Northern Ireland; and a Christian politician speaks to colleagues of his trust in God.
When did i said Muslim are Atheist, am not idiots like you to say that.
Oh... wow... you're banging on all idiot cylinders then? Guess Obama and Biden were racist against muslims... i mean it was THEIR ban Trump was upholding.
#BLM is NOT a Black Christian organization, but is better aligned with same tactics &amp; beliefs of radical islam. #BLM fuels Black Genocide of the very Race they purport to support. #TheDesperateSwamp calls on usual #FarrakhanHaters when Antifa just isn’t cutting it.
Hey there boogaloo. We have a family tradition of how my older brother Paul F is getting tried of being an idiot. Think he will grow up and stop beating on women or is he a full fledged Muslim. he is a Muslim. Sorry Nicole it's you are line to be eaten.
If you have $1 Million, I will show you how to build a Car that runs on AC and not on a bunch of Batteries! Any idiot can do it! The whites are always fooling the rest of the world! High Time for the Muslim World to wake up!
virus? What is the point of all of this? Why do you HATE the American people so much? What have we done to you to make you hate us so much? You are a Christian woman with a heart right? Do the right thing Nancy.
Joanne, a Christian, is trying to gather "more support from people of faith" for #JulianAssange: "Christianity is radical, that's its true heart." @WikiLeaks &amp; #Assange "speak truth to power" &amp; his extradition would set "a very dangerous precedent", she said.
Hahaha how cheap some journalists go just to mke muslims better thn well as expected if not fr you journalists hate fr Hindus question Hindus yr idiot Raul vinc6had been PM today thank you fr uniting Hindus keep questioning hating Hindus fr 2024 modi 2029 yogi good happy hating
Do you support the left and the protests rioting looting killing or abortion socialism gay marriage or any of the other radical tantrums then you either need to repent or you ain’t a Christian Jesus said either your with me or your against me You can not serve 2 masters
No one's anti-muslim, their anti-radical muslim. You should know, you support the terrorist organization Hamas. Not only do radical muslims use their rhetoric to justify wars &amp; oppress generations, they use it to murder Christians, practice honor killings, and mutilate girls.
@loveconcursall @ottomanland The English &amp; Israel were really thinking ahead when they sent Baghdadi to all those Islamic religious schools.
@Abu_Baraa1 @Myself_00001 Now if we can only get the world to recognize that Islam declared war on humanity 1400 ago and outlaw it.
I'm such an idiot I thought you lot were timing how long you were in sujood for and was gonna ask how your timing yourselves
ISIS, Boko haram and other Islamic terrorist groups in the world are killing people because they believe in Quran and the psycho prophet called Muhammad. And you too believe in the same Quran and psycho prophet. Now tell me who is mentally ill?
Do you have any proof that they are from RSS Don't just put comments blindly you idiot. Who knows they might be Muslims as well
Yes, found one more. Next time don't vote for him. Go vote for hidden Christians, hidden Muslims, and see how much they do for you. You live in this fantasy where you want Modi to right every structural wrong with the swish of a pen like he is Dumbledore. Short term idiots.
@obsurfer84 Defensive sword? ROFLMAO. The Muslims defended themselves all the way to France and India.
Please check how many Muslims carried out terrorist attacks in the name of Quran and Allah ISIS, Al-Qaeda, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Hizbul Mujahideen, Indian Mujahideen, SIMI, Al-Shabaab, Hamas, Hezbollah, Taliban and so on
You want me to support someone who wants to remove my rights to have access to public facilities? Are you crazy? That's like Christians supporting those radical Muslims that want them dead.
RT @riwired: .@ORehaf Oh No.Do NOT go to "Islamic Center" where they beat you down mentally w/double speak &amp; convert you asap! @izrinhariri…
So radical Republicans are going to what? Support an alt-right, anti-stewardship agenda that goes against not only what America stands for, but is anti-Christian in its failure to help its fellow man.
Exactly, it's idiots who can't understand basic language of "muslim is muslim", but exclusionists will reject anybody out of their hate. It's so painful to deal with. You should hear how the LGBT community is doing cos I got hella fuckin stories.
Do you know what's happening with Muslims in china. Idiot you just paid to spit venom against India and brainwash innocent kashmiri people.
Losers like you can rant as much as they want. @narendramodi &amp; @AmitShah have given a huge help to Hindu, Sikh, Christian girls in pakistan who are being kidnapped, raped &amp; forceful converted. Why were you silent ? Is it bcoz of ummah ? Do you support radical ismalists ?
When your life is in danger, people force you to wear a mask but when a Muslim wears a niqab, you force them to remove it and even make a third standard law against it. But God is so good. Put ur masks on idiots.
@UN needs to take accountability for this #IslamicTerrorism being peddled on its platform. Almost every Terrorist in our nations are Muslim Terrorist, Jihad and hate for the world &amp; humanity. https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/397.html @jihadwatchRS @norbertghofer @geertwilderspvv @TarekFatah
The radical Democrat anti-life position will cost them the support of #prolife groups, like Christians, Mormons, Orthodox Jews, Catholics &amp; Muslims. Estimated 21 million+ pro-life Dems. Their extreme views on abortion &amp; infanticide will cause #RedTsunami2020. Just #WalkAway
You think?, can you provide proof? Have you seen her? Remember when the far right idiots first reported this they said she was a muslim Somalian, which turned out to be a white Albanian in the court inquest.
@AMISHDEVGAN Idiot there are so many other issue which need to be discuss. But you are just busy to spread hatred among our Hindu and Muslims , You dumASS #DumASS
How many Muslims have been murdered in Pakistan? Do you have any idea? How many Muslim children have been killed in bombing a school in Pakistan ?Have you any idea idiot?
ur statmnt show ur knolg and perception ability , as well u kno that RSS bhgva flag is a terrorist grup thn wat a statmnt writtn in jash isis lashkar grup flags quran and hadeesh , now show me and proof me that these line r not pramoting terrorism in whole wrld
A COVID 19 patient spitting on other healthy people is a terrorist..particularly when he does it for Islam and Jihad. Now fuck off you Intellectual Jihadi before humanity spits on you.
It's a Historical fact. Bulgaria did the right thing. Bro, you claim that you're a Muslim? The other idiots are atheists. If you don't understand, they won't.
I think there's a grain of sense behind what looks like such obvious nonsense. There are people who support "radical" gun control proposals, but who don't trust the Radical Dems to put together such a plan without opening the door to... something. Christians in FEMA camps, maybe.
How come ? He was sent by Hajjaj bin Yusuf to kill / arrest the Muslims who fled Koofa to avoid his Bayt. He was the nephew of HBY , who was acting as a mercenary . Idiots like you think he came here to spread Islam .
I know sister what are you saying , I know asia bibi case in Pakistan but sister if you read scripture of Quran you will find that IsIs do not follow Islam &amp; Media also try portray muslim bad, in Nz mosque attack was done Christian guy but media dont portrays Christian terrorist
Thank u ma'am for ur support. Muslim and islamic terrorism destroyed this beautiful world. Every corner of this world muslim killing innocent people.
And as a so called Christian woman, it doesn’t give you the right to lie. But then you are a fake Christian. So keep on lying. We don’t believe you.
The same people who hate Trump and would see the U.S remain at war forever would tell you there's no such thing as "Islamic Terrorism" from the Religion of Peace­™.
Polythesitic religion is better than polygamist religion and terrorist religion Islamic radicalization is responsible for suffering of Syria Jihad is responsible for bleeding of humanity being a doctor you should heal but you are adding insult to an injury https://twitter.com/DrSankalp2/status/971319014386487298
@MaxBlumenthal Yeah, the lunatic left who want to earn their livelihood by calling people racists don't care for people who work.
This narrative is built simply to support their cause of #Jihad. 'Son of a head master' wrote a journalist about a convicted terrorist! This is only to please gullible Hindus who believe in humanity and forgiveness. @BDUTT #StopGlamorisingRioters @republic
@marlputri don't challenge my sense of humanity. It is a widely known fact that Hamas and Islamic jihad terrorists funded by Qatar and Iran
@ArarMaher @WIRED What's your point? Islam declared war on all humanity 1400 years ago.  Time to respond in kind.
How in the name of God can a REAL Christian support a political party that threatens the religious liberty of every God-fearing American and is hellbent on forcing down our throats, as well as upon our children, the radical agenda of the LGBTQ community?
ive said this before but i’ll say it again- radical addiction support groups (NA, AA, etc.) would be awesome bc at the end people would turn out communists instead of christians at the end
U want to show me non Muslims woman and kid dead body pictures.u people are shamelessly using kids and women as a human shields.u First fight against Islamic terrorism bcz they only killing innocents in syria,Iraq,afgan,pak.
@harmlesstree2 And this proved to be true.When there was no one left to steal from in the Saudi area they became broken down criminal places
I don’t know why people have problems with you how can someone judge without knowing the causes. It’s really hard for you I understand that but you’re brave enough to handle those idiots don’t let them effect you with there arrogance. You’re a responsible muslim citizen.
@congressman_aly And maybe you are to stupid to see that the Muslim terrorist in Palestine murder more civilians that Israel.
@SirajOfficial Filthy Taquiyya liar. The abuse of women by #Islam couldn't be clearer. http://t.co/a9PNhs4acs
RT @WolfSpirit2013: Lets Get It Straight. In Islam There is Radical and There Is Moderate ... 📖🔖 #ThisIsIslam http://t.co/fnuM8rZZJz
{2/4} and the reaction from her Muslim husband-to-be? Other than being extremely upset at her actions of hugging others, bringing alcohol, and asking her why she is acting "crazy"? [ "F**k Brittany, f**k you," he said. "I'm an idiot ... look at her fooling me.".. Yazan later-&gt;
No need to fake it like The Sociopath Socialist Margaret Sanger Racist KKK Barack Muslim brotherhood Democrat Party Like Joe, President Trump has done More for all Americans in 3 1/2 years than SOROS BOY BARRY in 8 Years Playing President BLACK AMERICANS KNOW NOW YOU IDIOTS.
Proof if proof be needed that you fascist idiots only care about persecuted Muslims if you can blame Israel, and only care about imperialism if it is practiced by the West.
You can't read. Nothing in your dumb tweet addresses the issues Kareem, a devout Muslim, raises in his article. Antisemitism is dumb and only idiots embrace the stupid conspiracy theories associated with it.
I swore to protect my country from all enemies, foreign, domestic and uphold the constitution of the US. Radical Christianity does more harm to US than radical Islam ever did, but I seriously doubt you would support the slaughter of white Christians like you do brown Muslims.
So according to your theory Mir Jafar and Mir Sadiq can’t be traitors as they never stepped out of the India and QeA Muhammad Ali Jinnah can’t be saviour of Muslims of Indian Sub-continent as he had spent his whole youth in West. Slow claps. You bunch of idiots.
@dankmtl What does that have to do with Muslim extermination of Jews?
@robert150254 @Ag_nostic @riwired @itsomar99 Mostly Old Testament, were its heroes attacked and slaughter every man, woman, child, animal
Idiot.... all religious minorities of Pakistan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan who are tortured by Muslim majority, is already included in CAA. Jumping so much on a report from The country who do srip search of you guys after seeing name.....
P.S. Especially the conservative Christians! I’m mean holy shit! What Christian woman in her right mind would vote for this! What woman in general!
@Generalshaami44 Americans didn't burn any libraries, microbrain. And even if they did, why punish Iraqis by burning their libraries, dumbo?
RT @dstfelix: to be clear white boys singing abt hanging niggers got them police protection. black ppl chanting Black Lives Matter got them…
#Bagdadi was doing ALL sorts of #Bakchodi against @humanity and #peace.Its also a known fact that #ISIS terrorists and #Abu_Bakr_Al_Bakchodi were also #SexPervert who @violated women. Similar type of #PervertedJihadis are residing in #Pakistan who speak of #Jihad.
Isis terrorists organizations hai.. I accept bt i have read quran with meaning and no where it is mentioned to kill any innocent human. Ye baat tm manega nahi kyuki brainwash kiya hua h na tmlog ka.
Why do people think that being Muslim is a race? Lmaoo you guys are idiots
Idiot there are many Muslims in CRPF, don't misguide he was abusing police and CRPF so he got lessons, write reason also if you know, don't spread fake news.
Hello sardar rahaf don't talk shit if you don't know what actually happened ohk . First of all Hindus were attacked by Muslims . Go and check it out. Idiot do some hw before coming to conclusions
they are fans of Fenerbahce. You cannot say "Turks and Muslims are racist" by looking at a group of idiots.
I’m not an idiot. There’s a tape of him saying all Muslims. The Muslim visa ban is also a shitty move. I’m from a Muslim country and there’s at least 10 of us at the hospital and we save American lives everyday. We could’ve been banned with his policy. Sounds good to you?
A religion isn't a race, you absolute idiot. If you were a bit more of a serious person, I'd pull out the criminal stats from all over Europe that I have gathered over the years, showing the propensity to violent crime of muslims. But since you're just trolling, why bother lol.
We all know Omar is an America hating, Christian hating, radical leftist. What does that make those who support her?
I don’t trust people who support terrorists of any kind. That includes those supporting radical Muslims intent on eradicating Jews, Christians and all Americans. Your CongressMuslims are in that category. You know it. Your disingenuous BS does not work for Americans.
Mullah Omar ISIS, TTP and other terrorist groups have no authority to declare jihad. They are evil against humanity
I would say u r a far left Christianaphobe! U hv zero 2 say abt islamic terrorism, FGM, Muslim rape gangs, 'honour killings', forced marriages selling their kids like taking a cow to market, suicide bombers, barbaric halal - can u imagine how distressing its 2 hv this scum here?
@roisin_morgan Your terminology is as meaningless as the assumptions you make from them. Palestinians have no country and never have had one
Support Islamic extremism cleverly Support comedians which makes jokes on hindusim till they dont touch Islam. Support terrorist by giving misleading headlines Support Maoist in the name of humanity Support rioters in the name of pregnancy. Succesful Jihad. That's Arfa for you.
The term Muslim was used for Bosniaks during the commie rules you idiot it was a ethnic group name not a religious term.
Newsflash! None of those FOLKS are Christians, if they support Trump the Antichrist. They are brainwashed, radical, religious frauds. God &amp; His Son Jesus, don't, support Trump or the Evil Repulsivecans. My assessment of those Cult45 worshippers, is backed up by the New Testament.
Did you know the Isis and all the muslim terrorist drew inspiration from the quran,cited many verses of which you are life and afterlife member.Its just a comparison of your tweet didn't want to disrespect any religion.
If you have so much problem with India, then why are you living here? For Muslims India already prepared Pakistan. Go there and spread your idiot thoughts. Jai Hind.
@HuffPostRelig Islam maintained slavery much longer than Christianity and only gave it up under western pressure.
I know these outfits, and they are the outfits of a lesbian, a middle aged Christian woman, or a middle aged Christian lesbian. Honey on the right's shorts are making me lean towards one of the lesbian categories, and that's because I like them.
Monotheists are rassists in general (see ‚mono‘) What’s the difference between radical moslems and radical christians You‘re fighting against ISIS, why do you support the #idiocracy of religion in your country ? Ah, sure ... election
U want to het rid to Islamic terror tags but sir tags r nt given by journalists dey r given by public at large...try ur best to tag RSS a terror group...kuch nahi hoga...cuz Islamic terrorism he sirf ek Satya h...terror n Islam hav same meaning
It take one idiot who really shouldn't be mayor. You done more to promote race division and violence than anyone else in England. Yoh fought for terrorist all your life that target whites only. Muslims have killed more black Christians than anyone in the world..
@CamilleHughes16 @edbarber101658 @_Watch_Observe_ A piece at a time. Start by outlawing new Mosques and stoping Muslim immigration.
#90dayfiance i don’t understand why these people date a Muslim and yet refuse to follow Islamic law
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Mohammed was a slave trader, Jesus wasn't.  Mohammed was a sexist, Jesus wasn't.
I don't care if you think I'm an idiot. He has stated on his show that most or all Muslims hold extremist views, has called Representative Omar an anti-Semite, and said the n-word. Do you deny this? Would you like me to dig up the videos?
@IAmThe1Teacher @IronmanL1 @stevecorrales80 So, are people who support murder for apostacy guilty of anything? http://t.co/KmrPOXcoGa
@shehzilk @watan71969 99% of the time you Muslims play the victim card it's a lie and the reverse is true. http://t.co/xQxxQ4wDho
Yeah say that to the Muslims in China. And what does the freedom of daying even mean? Lol you’re an idiot communist bot. Millions of Chinese people migrate to the US and the wealthier ones fly to the US to have their kids born on US soil to get the American citizenship.
Snowflake millennium idiots who don't have a clue what they are doing.. Making our our country into a Muslim country and life will be hell for women to live in. All there equality for woman will go right out the window.. Good luck with that one don't say you weren't warned
You literally called me an idiot and aggressive lol don’t back pedal. You can’t make outrageous comments about Muslim women and not expect a reaction.
Yes! We'll show those radical Dems what it means to be a conservative. We support adding to the deficit, giving our corporate lords more tax cuts, taking healthcare away from all the heathens, getting foreign interference in our elections &amp; advancing a white Christian agenda.
I cancelled Sky after watching the political nonsense during & after the Man city v Arsenal game, I had been with them for 30 years. How come idiots like me knew the BLM's extremist ideology, yet you lot did not? Perhaps you should listening to us regarding Muslim grooming gangs!
In a free world even a Christian woman has the right to withdraw if she finds something out that goes against her Christian lifestyle. Equality &amp; Freedom can not be just for one set of people. That is the whole point of Freedom &amp; equal rights. Otherwise Gays then become Biggots
We should imprison this insensitive barbaric group of uncivilised creatures, they have attended a terrorist congregation, Jihad against Humanity. fellow moderate Muslims should appeal to this radical elements to co-operate.
RT @PeterTownsend7: #islam #isis Allah the Mutilator. Can you feel the 'peace' yet?  http://t.co/aF1qEjApdg http://t.co/UFW1z4dE60
The entire world is facing Islamic terrorism on the bases of jihad.. let them ignore..tell me about Hassan and Hussain who killed them in Karbla??RSS?? U bloody killed them
RESULTS : No terrorism in Islam. Allah forbids it &amp; it is so clear written in the Quran and aunthentic Hadiths. Terrorism is sinful. Terrorist has no religion. ISIS is NOT Islam. May Allah make us to fight the Right JIHAD..
@GENUG @TheMuslimIssue Saudi Arabia - a nation of Islamolunatics hiding from the Islamolunatics they helped to create. #Islam
Republicans sold their soul to Putin & their heart to the Christian Taliban. This radical minority thinks they can force their religion upon us through Tя☭mp. They will support him &amp; the Republicans for that power. Won’t they be surprised when they enter the gates of Hell.
@Twitter wow shameless people you genocide enablers If you have guts and courage to condemn Supremacy suspend all idiots calling for genocide of muslims in India.
You are the only one talking about Hindu-Muslims here. You've been blinded by your hatred towards Hindus so much that you're ignoring the real issue. Go and learn how China is putting Muslims into concentration camps. Show some so called "brotherhood". Don't be a blind idiot
And, Sikhs were out there mopping #masjid for #muslims and holding #iftar parties on #gurudwara grounds. Thank you to this idiot #islamic attackers for repaying back the great deeds of #Sikh community.
Ohhhh right. Thooooose Muslim patrols Yeah that's not an actual Muslim patrol. You can't take a few videos of one SMALL group of idiots doing stupid shit on camera and take it seriously.
Sikh terrorism is on par with Islamic terrorism. The very foundation and tradition of Sikhism is violence. It is u fortunate Hindus are dubbed as genocide maniacs by many Sikhs but I have seen no Hindu talk about enormous killings of Hindus by Sikhs Kudos to you!
Even other religious symbolism is banned.bLiving in India, you don't know what secularism is? No wonder, this very ungrateful and predatory attitude has exposed Muslims in the West too. And only an idiot would compare a religious veil with a medical mask.
How any Hindus or Muslims can ever Vote 4 this idiot ? But you just cant account for ppl like this.. Would like him to explain these extreme views
Yes Hafiz saeed is funded by RAW then hang him and Pakistan is shame on humanity where whole world is fighting against Covid19, Pakistani are trying to do jihad in kashmir and that's too by using Covid19 infected terrorists which forced our troops to wear special suit to handle
@truaemusic @mattybboi83 @Number10gov Again you are the liar. Muslims invaded Europe 400 years before the crusades.
Your forefathers were worst creatures of history, and U will bring 1000s excuses but not accept fact. What will U do with century old books, where muslims proudly said they demolished Kafir's Butkhana?? Idiots. That's why no one can trust you.
These extremist evangelicals have hijacked the Christian faith and distorted the Bible teachings 4a an extremist politícal and personal agenda. The same way ISIS and Muslim terrorist groups hijacked the Muslim faith and Quran. Neither group represents the true faith
R u kidding. Islamic terrorism is responsible for two thirds of the Coronavirus cases in India. They are public enemy. This is bio terrorism. Book them for it and prosecute them.
@logicalmind11 No, but if you are following a Quran that has hatred and bigotry in it it makes you a hateful bigot.
@logicalmind11 Really? Don't you know anything about your evil religion? http://t.co/c0Ode7cC76
Minnesota this is what happens maybe you idiots that vote liberal will understand now and you Voted a Muslim radical in the the House of Representatives you get what's coming to you!
@obinoavey "dens of apostates"? Murder for the sake of religion.  Could you get any more stupid and inhuman?
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Islam is at war with every other religion and non religion on the planet. But idiots claim the fault is the Jews.
The army rules egypt so before you blame Muslims remember the Im prison, torture and kill Muslims in Egypt all day, every day. The muslim brotherhood is deemed a terrorist organisation by their military government. Go learn about the truth in Egypt you daily mail idiots
@hu_4u The prophet Mohammed was a terrorist, and he knew Islam.
So I m challenging u take a placard condem radical Islamic terrorism and U will have my support ? Agree ?
Black Lives Matter is a radical, Marxist, anti-capitalist, anti-semite, anti-Christian, anti-family movement that is filled with a bunch of liars who are corporate shakedown specialists. Why would anyone support that
I’m a Muslim and ain’t no way I’m supporting that racist, islamophobic Asshole you sick, moneyhungry idiot we all know that you’re crawling up his ass bc of some business agreement so just stop dragging the Muslim community into this idiot #BlackLivesMatter allah loves everyone
I am Muslim. I’m also black. Pls realize that no one is saying the Muslims in the concentration camps aren’t important. Stop making us look like idiots. I understand what you’re feeling, but this isn’t right
i am a BLACK Christian woman, i will always fight for my Black rights as well as my faith.
As prospects for a Palestinian state and peace dwindle, Americans are splitting along left-right and young-old axes, and the epicenter of US support for Israel has shifted from the Jewish to the radical Christian fundamentalist constituencies. My latest.
This piece reads like a bizarro PSA from the 50s: "'far right ideology bled into his daily life. He began referring to himself as a conservative. He dated a christian woman.' 'it was kind of sad. How did you get this way?' Said, a friend of Mr. Cain" https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/06/08/technology/youtube-radical.html
"Turkey"?? It was Ottoman Empire idiot and it was a time as a muslim you could not even open a place with Arabic script ANYWHERE in Britain or France, right? Why not? Who gives a fuck about Bulgarian millet? Ottomans could say "No, you are connected to Roman Orthodox, sit back".
Oh, PLEASE! Maybe if you’re MUSLIM, but even so,... this whole Speech Control movement is for idiots.
@DianH4 If Muslims ever produced a decent leader the world would be overjoyed to accept him.
@edgeofthesandbx @batchelorshow @FearDept So, if I say that you must be a murdering fascist because you follow that book, am I right?
The “Good” Christian Woman - full lecture series every Wednesday for a month. From left to right; Good housewife, semi-hard working mum (but only one day a week), perfect trophy wife, solid kitchen hand (dishwasher, cook, sandwich artist), gardener (weed puller) Serving Men!!
*frank clunge RT @chrryboyhunter: RIGHT NOW, the song I would *blank* to... F***: christian woman// type o negative Cry: white ferrari// frank ocea… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/1215923977853505536
@BarryGardiner I never realised how much of a brainless idiot you really are. You never said a word when Emily Jones was beheaded by a black woman when playing in a park. Or Muslim rape gangs #AllLivesMatter supporting riots you should RESIGN NOW. @UKLabour @afneil @JuliaHB1
Can you imagine bending our knee to a blend of Muslim Pakistani halal, shariah law rapists and immigrants from Nigeria who rape 2million women a year? And the golification of gangsta culture from our young left educated idiot kids? What future are we allowing here?
@SirajZarook @OdiniaInvictus @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime Later he attacked the Jews of Khybar, killed many, stole their property.
@jacquard612 @hamza_al_habash @Loveussr Come back for a chat when you get a brain.
Search for hate comments from Muslims...you will find in lakhs who wants to kill kafirs....and want Islamic state...idiot...
Because supporting ISIS is so antifacist lol :D Yeah, go ahead buddy... support stoning of women, throwing gays down the building. (And before you start over - we have our polish muslims we are regarding as our brothers, we just do not like idiots).
It’s irritating that dummies think it’s a Muslim cause versus a national liberation cause but some of the clap backs used when idiots spout off with their misinformation about Palestine being Muslim are rife with Islamophobia. It’s in the outrage and language you use.
@NNdabbour64 If you are just going to sit there and tell lie after lie, Muslim Taquiyya, this discussion is over. You are blocked.
Christian extremists are as dangerous as radical islamists. NOTA BENE : Republicans do support, do enable both Christian extremists AND radical islamists, the latter by pandering to Trump's buddies, Saudi MBS and Turkish Erdogan.
@NNdabbour64 Every Muslim who is forced to stay in Islam by the law of apostacy for murder is forced.
My last for @AlArabiya_Eng: Mohamed el Bachiri lost his wife during #Maelbeek terrorist attack on 22 March 2016. He wants to send a universal message of humanity and love with his book 'A #Jihad of #Love'. #Molenbeek #Brussels
Some idiots are still under the impression that Muslim women need incompetent self-congratulatory liberal males to support us. Like we aren’t better educated, braver, more accomplished, more active, more vocal. We can mentor you, guy. (By appointment only, competition is fierce.)
You r ASSOCIATE JIHADI playing Al-Taqiya Emotional-Victimhood-Jihad Bhai-Chara-Jihad+++ for Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians JIHADI Narpashu-Narpishach-Shaitan-Haiwan-Darinda-Rapist-Terrorist conspiring against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity for next HINDU Genocides
Because what does Alabama care about the truth or justice. @GovernorKayIvey will answer for this in the future. Shes a good Christian woman, right? Alabama executes inmate Nathaniel Woods
I'm a christian and I support all minority groups, other religions and people of all colours. I frequently donate to un and amnesty projects working for LGBQT+ rights. Please don't generalize us based on some radical conservatives.
@anjemchoudary Nobody cares what his honor means to you fools.  We have no obligation to honor the slave trader and caravan robber.
So what about @POTUS Trump and his affinity for the #Nazis @netanyahu? You are aware that the radical US Christian right support Israel because they hope for the second coming of Christ and world's destruction? Right? Hello? Anybody home? @Jerusalem_Post @usembassyjlm
Idiot, show me one Indian Muslim who loves Pakistan, we glad to send them to Pak, even they are free to get out from India. You should be ashamed about the Pak and MUSLIms there for their treatment of minorities.
@PrimeVideo will you have guts to show the violent side of muslims or r u to afraid to do so because it will not be secular,stop defaming Hindus stop this hatred and face the reality of ISLAMIC TERRORISM and if u have guts make a series on Islamic Conversion or ISLAMIC TERRORISM
ISIS terrorists attacked these infants today in Kabul under the name of Jihad! Is this Jihad? Is this humanity? Is this a war? I am speechless.
Yeah I'm Muslim so what your the Gate keeper of Islam now and I never said my views are above allah but trans and please don't use Allah to justify you transpohobia and btw trans people are backed by Science if don't believe me look it idiot
@discerningmumin Killing people because they believe differently than you and express that is not an excuse for murder except among Muslims.
Laugh like idiots all you want, you don't matter, you are irrelevant. If they were Muslims they were my ancestors, no matter if they were African blacks, Caucasians, Arabs, Turks or Oriental, Islam doesn't care about bloodline or ethnicity, we don't believe in cast system either
Has Sharjeel Imam committed the same crime as Vikas Dubey idiot. Moreover who gives Police the power to encounter a person who is already in custody? What sort of sick mentality you people are developing? HAS ANY MUSLIM DITCHED YOU PERSONALLY? If not why this hate on mere hearsay
The President of Turkey #Erdogan declared to convert the Church #HagiaSophia to a Mosque .It's a extremist act against #Christians,Occident .#Erdoğan support the radical extremism. It's Dangerous #ChristiansWillLive @EU_Commission @realDonaldTrump
If I remember correctly Muslims once ruled over India so why are you still alive and not dead? Maybe try reading the whole book and a chapter idiot.
@KhaledHamaki That is one of the pieces of lying propaganda that Muslims try to fool westerners with.  Here is story. http://t.co/US4H4dOaEe
@harmlesstree2 And we are suppose to believe that the murdering Muslims defended themselves all the way to Europe and India. Bullshit.
You are idiot, read the Islamic Declaration of the Muslim leader Izetbegovic and read about the crimes of Naser Oric committed against Serbs in the vicinity of Srebrenica
If India is a free state, what's wrong in announcing my religious or political beliefs in my name.....if you r not doing tht- it's ur choice. Let me tell u- secular like you are the worst. Kisi mulle Ka tweet dikha do jisme usne Islamic terrorism ko galat Bola ho?
You are an idiot liberal. It was converted from Masjid to Museum forcefully. Why don't tell Spain to give Masjid Qurtuba back to Muslim? pata nahi kahaan kahaan say aajaatay hain.
We getting our members threatened by the left wing idiots.. Keep it up guys. Not putting up with it. Blm and antifa are Muslim funded trying to get shariah law using the blacks to do it. You may be stupid but we not..!!!
Tom Perez I Am Persecuted Christian By Radical islam Refugee From Middle East I Am Assyrian my language is Language of Jesus Aramaic I Support President Donald TRUMP!Tom don’t ever challenge my Christian Faith My People believed in JESUS Without Seeing him,TomRATS EVIL FOLLOWERS
Nobody deserves to be slandered & only you, Tamra & Shannon know the full story here but a divorced Christian man judging a Christian woman for letting loose !&amp; having fun is the most laughable attempt at trying to come out on top. "Only God can judge," right? #ChristianValues
When your elected ? ..representatives spit on their oath of office & seek the overthrow of your government & replacing it with Sharia Muslim law ....you know your state views you as simple gutless idiots who put up with anything !!!
Very ironic coming from the person who acts like everyone is against trump and if we don’t agree with you we must be idiots or the panic over antifa who only shows up when it’s convenient or the fear of brown people taking your job or the fear of Muslims or the fear of gay people
15 years with it, I really don't feel right without my cross. And I'm not a "good Christian woman" it's cause my mom gave it to me. This is a family heirloom, an amulet, and all that. I'll be ass naked but the gold chain+diamond pendant STAYS!
@KhaledBeydoun Once upon a time I was a militant secular.But after reading Quran, Hadith I learned the source of inspiration of the terrorist organisation like ISIS,Al Queda, Taliban, Al shabab etc.Islam is based on hate mongering.
This Hijab looks Really disgusting on you how can somebody feel shame about his hair Anyways she didn't say something wrong muslims R such an Idiots
That's a completely biased view that is creating all these tensions in the region. So U r saying that there is no #Radical_Islamic_Terrorism frm , aggression on #LAC is fictitious,#Communist regime in is Super friendly . doesn't hv ny option bt to maintain=of pwr
Also,there is idea that an Islamist will go to Paradise for committing violent atrocities because it's "Jihad".These anti-humanity ideas must be totally repudiated as they create/feed the insane violence (against anyone who happens to be there) carried out by these "Terrorists".
Mate I can give you 100 examples where muslims have been let off for Rape because their family cant speak English. Lenient sentences are handed out to POC all the time because they are worried about racism. Sentences are inconsistent all the time against all colours. Idiot..
Mr Muslim scumbag Hakeem Jeffries. You are an idiot and a Fricking evil POS
Kutriya name 1 thing that Trudeau has achieved in 5 years that benefitted all Canadians? Not the Chinese or Muslims or idiots like you .. the general Canadian population
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs But Islam is the source and dealing with the symptom accomplishes zero. After ISIS and the rest will be more.
@ummahwitness @alwallawalbara The intellect of a Muslim cretin who thinks Allah made all mankind so one part could make war on another.
@NNdabbour64 No, I keep giving you proof and you ignore it.  Where is Islam's respect?  Go and read the pact of Umar.
@watan71969 @s_rsantorini630 This coming from a Muslim hypocrite -the religion that declared war on humanity and are population imperialists
Says the @VP who blatantly lies to support his radical right, fake Christian agenda.
No Islamic Idiot! Not only cow, we bow down and show respect to every creature on earth which is called compassion. You fanatics Muslim can't understand who kills animals in d name of religion. Also we worship energised idols not any pedophile prophet. May peace be upon u
You support a christian agenda, let's be clear. And if I or anyone else doesn't eat at ChikFilA because they discriminate against our LGBT brothers and sisters, that's my right. Or are you radical right republicans trying to take that away too?
This was clear murder by muslim's... would you condemn this ! No? Ok carry on spreading hatred in minds of muslim's, because they are real idiots they can't see their surroundings because of people like you and some Maulana's. Keep spreading hatred...great work
He should've been on his medication and not have access to weapons. You're an idiot if you don't think the Officers were at risk. I know Muslims or Islam followers have never stabbed anyone before
100% sachh kaha Modiji ne Wo budhha ke raha hai what has islam got to do with 9/11 later in turned out it was islamic terrorism only. U just proved Modi's point right by posting this lol.
@amazonIN ..wtf..While civilized world at war on humanity-threatening #corona do you really have on your rolls jihad-apologist..potential terrorist..who is threatening leading Indian media house @republic on SM platform..? #phew @INTERPOL_Cyber @Interpol @UN @AmitShah @PMOIndia
Lashkar’s #Rohingya outreach: Making terrorists in the name of humanity https://www.oneindia.com/india/lashkars-rohingya-outreach-making-terrorists-in-the-name-of-humanity-2599692.html?utm_source=article&amp;utm_medium=tweet-button&amp;utm_campaign=article-tweet #RohingyaCrisis #Jihad
ISIS and other terrorist groups have no legitimacy or authority to declare jihad. They are against humanity. -... http://fb.me/3u2vAFrV0
Dear Sudhir we 100 crore Hindus and nationalists are with u. You are presenting real facts on Islamic terrorism which is controlled by designer leaders . Govt must handle them with operation all-out mode. Jai Hind.
You bloody idiot. You just spread hate and problems against Indian Muslims. Indian Muslims don't have any issue now with this land. Whatever order they got from the Court they agreed upon that. They don't need any help from you on this issue.
RT @DorvalTony: @baykara7 Religion my ass. Death cult. http://t.co/ItGxKuUwBM
The idiot knows nothing...in Israel all civil ceremonies are legal as with all other modern countries ...if you want an orthodox Jewish or Muslim wedding with another faith An iman or rabbi won’t marry the two however that doesn’t stop a legal civil one from occurring
RT @pperrin: Good for Labour and now Tory's! Encouraging immigrants to enrich us, making the UK a better, freer, nicer place! http://t.co/7…
@dankmtl If Israel had given Palestinians the right to return they would now be suffering the same fate of all minorities under Islam.
The radical left does not like facts. If something doesn’t support their agenda then they act violently to silence opposition. Christians don’t do that. We present the truth and allow people to make their own choices.
@halalfam @biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Already proven that Islam abuses women &amp; I showed statistics to back it up. I'm bored with repetition.
We should remove all the troops from Germany and tell the Germans to defend themselves. The Russians are our natural allies in our ongoing war against Islamic terrorism. Then place the troops in proximity to our southern border where they will be very useful sooner than u think.
If there was justice @SkyNews and other #MSM would be shut down and those who work/ed in them whitewashing and promoting terrorist Jihad &amp; Jihadists as "Self-defense" &amp; "civilians" would be rotting behind bars for a 1000 yrs each for their crimes against #Syrians and #humanity.
@J_Eddine @DiversityRUs Bad logic.  If all Muslims did what their books of hatred and murder tell them they would all be dead.
I like her, she has the right mind set and is a very good person. A Christian woman and a very smart person!
Muslims figured out slavery way before you white people. We would buy slaves and set them free and give them equal chances. In a world where white people made it alright to own black slaves our religion and government had it figured out 1400 years ago. Educate yourself idiot.
WRONG. He made the great point that these terrorists come out the Muslim community and that they need to do better to prevent radicalism...or else radicals wouldn't be blowing innocent children up would they? Idiot. His SUPPORTERS are a collective. YOU are collectivly blaming
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime I don't see how that is relevant to how non Muslims were treated as third class citizens.
I dont think anyone here at all had said they was so enough about Muslims but also I dont push my religion on you dont try to educate me out of mine I am not an idiot and I am very educated if I hadn't seen his face and heard his voice i wouldn't follow something imaginary
Anyday YOU WEIRD South African Think You Can Use Your Formatting Fraud Team of FBI and Group of Satan Pleasant Help And Marry Me Illegal to A Insult TO Life FAGGOT AS A Christian Woman To Daringly Steal FBI Group.I WILL BOMB YOU &amp; South African In Justice Raffa or MY Rights. .
You idiot, their religion has nothing to do with their plight as refugees. They are escaping horror situation in their countries. Besides, stop generalization about all Muslims. Get some education in logic, common sense, and decency.
@NNdabbour64 And I would never go near a country with blasphemy laws.
There is a Word for Your Kind of People from RW "a Woke Liberal". First of all why Idiots like you don't question the Muslim Extremists the same way and ask why they hate Akshay &amp; why they don't hate Khans? Its only got to be other way around, eh?
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 I take the whole sura, microbrain. You make such statement trying to hide the barbarity of Islam.
Jihad-backed Islamic fundamentalist terrorists, why humanity is only for the Muslims of India? Why not with the Muslims of Syria, Yemen and Iraq?
Now perhaps those in the video are terrorist such as Isis or Al Qaeda or another extremist group. But they are doing what Quran and sunnah says to do. And that is the whole point. You really think people should be stoned to death?
You have the audacity to call yourself a “Christian woman” you are more like Queen Jezebel. God sees right through your lies &amp; deceit. Remember this, you will give an account for every word &amp; shady word! You stand naked before God!
@_Saracen_ @BOU_JASSIM That is because Islam is stuck in the seventh century.
@loveconcursall @ottomanland ...the Prophet Mohammed did the same thing. Baghdadi can quote Quran and Hadiths for every action he takes.
Muslims are put on trains by the commies in china like something ftom 1940s Germany...blm, the far left.....silence. did you expect anything else from chinas own useful marxist idiots
@RashidaTlaib why don’t you take your little Muslim ass back to where you came from! This country doesn’t need the likes of you, AOC, Omar &amp; the rest of you idiots!! We are a country of Law &amp; Order, not your idiotic “Breathe Act” !! You need to be in jail!!
@Totenleserin @Dabiq_Warrior That whole "lions of Islam" thing is like some kind of red neck comedy.
I follow many & many follow me who have a variation of Atheist in their profile. I too am a non-theist. We need to support Andrew by buying his book (I did). This helps spread OUR message which Christian nationalists need to hear. We the majority oppose their radical ideas. ≠ https://twitter.com/ChrisHedgpeth/status/1168447422315540480
@AAlwuhaib1977 So while thousands of churches, temples, synagogs have been destroyed by Muslim biggots, you only worry about one Muslim ....
Good Christian woman right there
Elisabeth Hasselbeck always makes the same tired choice to go into her condescending faux-sanctimonious "I'm in the right" White Christian Woman mode whenever she's confronted about anything she says or does.
The hypocrisy of this. You're judging Sarah, accusing her of being hateful, in defence of a woman who's abuse of muslim men and women has caused great harm to them. Talk about allowing others to live in peace. Idiot.
Thank you for sharing. That is beautiful, Sharon!! I am also a Christian woman; this is healing my heart right now
There are beautiful mosques all over the world and will continue to be, because just like churches, they are not there to glamorise slavery. Yes, Sadiq is Mayor but HE IS NOT MUSLIM YOU IDIOT so taking down Mosques won’t really bother him.
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan It's called execution or conversion at sword point.  You're welcome.
@SirajZarook @OdiniaInvictus @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime No the hatred was all started by Mohammed. http://t.co/Yyl4nn6LgN
COViD-19 show Americans that they had put energy in things that are not important, such as graduate degrees. MBA & JD will be unemployed for next few years @GeorgetownLaw @HarvardLawDOS Finding a good Christian woman to marry is a smart investment of time for men, right now.
@WithTrish @JRehling Every religion and non religion on the planet is at war with Islam. Every border with a Muslim state is a bloody border
Conservative boomer Republicans are some of the dumbest useful idiots in politics. They just post “somebody did something” memes then support the slaughter of Christians in the Middle East. We funded radical Islam in the Middle East before &amp; after 9/11.
Why are you talking about fighting with your imaginary situations? Comstotution was, is and will always be the only book to govern India. There will be idiots who will time and again create problem like casteists, be it upper caste casteists or Muslim casteists like you.
The operation that took down al-Baghdadi was named after Kayla Mueller. Mueller was an American Christian woman and human rights activist who was kidnapped by ISIS. https://washex.am/2BLEN6f
America is sinful. I can't imagine. Who and what has changed this nation to be so cold, to love these monsters and to support the radical muslim who hate everyone Christian?
Yes bcz today a gang of creating a terrorism as a NDTV lover you can't accept the truth But it's my promise to u One day you will accept the truth of islamic terrorism वंदे मातरम्
@JM_Yturralde No, they showed you the good face of people.  There is no good face of Islam.
@greenlinerzjm @versacezaynx @nyazpolitics do uk enough to understand the history of Islamic slavery? https://t.co/xWJzpSodGj
Until u don't cut the roots(Theology of Islam) but only branches the problem of islamic terrorism will never end.
@5Haqq @abualiis Just like there was 1400 years ago. The flies are free.
No you idiot,Muslims don't say meat is essential,we all do.And that's coming from a sinhalese Buddhist.And what you're doing is literally trying to force your beliefs on a society...how can you not see that???
As we speak, SLAVES IN CHAINS are being bought/sold, abused/murdered, MOSTLY in MUSLIM COUNTRIES on continent of AFRICA. You've cheapened the word SLAVE &amp; SLAVERY w/your passive ignorance &amp; deceptive agenda. Get a clue &amp; buy a vowel you USEFUL IDIOT of the Marxist/Muslim kind...
It is the Humanity which is under attack by these terrorist. How could they justified this on the name of jihad? #IndiawithPakistan
We have internet - but u guys use it to spread islamic terrorism We have doctors- but you guys spite on dem. We have stone - but u guys store it so that CHHAT me chadh k fek sako. You guys are using this land to spread islamic terrorism.
ISIS and islamic terrorists justified the killing of LGBT on the basis of the Quran. Read the below
What he is saying is correct. Road should be clear. We can't let Jihadi, rapist sympathisers to block out road.for ever. And how come Kapil Mishra 's statement insight violence, Muslims were rioters. Does Kapil Mishra has great command on Muslim? You Idiot.
Damn, that's a good conservative Christian woman right there! She values money over human lives. I bet her Jesus is sooo proud of her, or maybe she can just be a horrible human being as long as she asks for forgiveness.
You know what I liked even better? How she then proceeded to ignore the actual muslim voices who told her to stop using them for her own agenda. Fake!woke and white people are terms that were literally invented for these idiots.
'It's not rape in Islam' An ISIS 'wife' has said Yazidi women can be raped as sex slaves because it states prisoners of war are 'property' in the Quran. BUT: we were not at war with anyone. ISIS terrorists invaded our towns - kidnapped our women, girls, children &amp; killed men. https://twitter.com/Ezidi2/status/1275170683048386567
RT @YesYoureRacist: At least you're only a tiny bit racist RT @AnMo95: I'm not racist, but my dick is!
Did your son dance when the Minneapolis Muslim cop shot the unarmed white woman? You folks are real idiots. You are the problem, not the cure.
Who says a fine Christian woman shouldn’t speak her mind? Oh, that’s right. Timothy 2:12. “I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet.” #COVID19Aus
Not bigger than Islamic terrorism &amp; its supporter lobby like u
You have NO TRUTH IN YOU! The Radical Trumpian NOT right is WRONG! Not Christian...you Repulsivecans support Lies, Deception, FRAUDULENCE &amp; Delusion,. It's the NEW NORMAL for you. And, NO, Jesus would not and DOES NOT support Trump! Proof? The NEW TESTAMENT!
I"LL SECOND THAT IN A HUGE WAY, She claims I'm A CHRISTIAN WOMAN ! RIGHT, LYING @donnabrazile
@obsurfer84 Then, when there was no one left to rob, the Muslims returned to being dessert Bedouins still trying to rob each other.
Ah yes Russia, the post-capitalist oligarchy hellhole run by a radical, homophobic, misogynistic, racist conservative Christian (Putin) wants us all to support the democratic socialist Jewish guy. Makes perfect sense.
No. Turkey is mostly a Muslim land and many Turks are Greeks that converted. Jerusalem's indigenous population is mostly Muslims ( Palestinians are the original jews) if you don't count the Invaders from Europe. U gotta work on your analogies idiot.
Amir khan ne aap ko kyu nahi chuna Ek film banata wo She Is stand With Nation And you stand with jamati jahil madarsachap kaum Jo doctors pe pathar mar rahe hai U have a romance with Islamic terrorism
@dankmtl Hell, t Muslims are everywhere chanting death to everybody. Jews only have trouble with Muslims. Muslims have trouble with everyone
Blacks and Muslims. To all the white idiots who didn’t like when I said At the end of the day you’ll be judged by the colour of your skin. Well here it is
That's what this defund the police is all about. You'd have to be an idiot, not to see it. I was in a store the other day and saw three muslims laughing that we were wearing masks in PA tyranny. AND NO, I'm not kidding! They were looking around at everyone and started laughing.
2.@narendramodi,@AmitShah, @HMOIndiaWITH POLITICAL SUPPORT CONVERSION OF ROHINGYAS CONFIRMS NOTORIOUS&amp; BRUTAL NEXUS OF CHRISTIAN MISSIONARY&amp;RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST GROUPS WITH POLITICAL PARTIES INTENDED TO DEMOGRAPHIC CHANGE EVEN IN DELHI RISKING NATIONAL INTEGRITY&amp; SECURITY.
I just had a wild born again Christian woman tell me to close my legs or stop complainin!! Because I said peoples rights are being taken away. SOMEONE COME GET THEIR GRANDMA
Dnt you consider Indian Muslim's as Indians ? I said pay more attention at Indians rather than Bangladeshis and Rohingyas living illegally in Bengal. Narrow minded idiot
Do not play the card of a Muslim girl,there are many Muslims girls here who keep their thing very well.The people who are trolling you are idiots folks.
The one commonality between right wing terrorists and Islamic terrorists is that they've all taken the blue pill. Ignorance is a powerful driver. Interrogation of captured ISIS fighters for example revealed only a rudimentary knowledge of the Quran.
@ZorazZora @zackbeauchamp And Muslims have much higher statistical crime rates in non Muslim countries than the non Muslims.
Wat about Islamic terrorism? First set right ur home. Hinduism has, is&amp;will take care if itself, u don't need2 worry. Take them to ur country which u will never ever do. Because ur trained terrorist will ultimately wipe u all out. Haven't u trained them so?
In her new book The Power Worshippers: Inside the Dangerous Rise of Religious Nationalism, journalist @kathsstewart takes an in-depth look at the Christian nationalist movement &amp; exposes its radical goals. Read to learn more, then support AU
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan And today there is still not peace between them because of the Muslims.
Idiot... what about the deaths and the much higher figures compare to other countries and all because of you muslim baker
Terrorists are enemy of humanity whether they have been living under the umbrella of jihad.
@Nigzzzk Do you grovel on the ground and fear other people that you have a personal relationship with?
@harun_yahya Yahya flips out about PKK being communists.  But that is clearly no longer true. Just propaganda.  http://t.co/UxQSWBGYPk
Terrorists always Shouts Allah u Akbar that's why it is Islamic Jihadi terrorists and world Pronounces Islamic terrorism. By the way Jai Sheree Ram is the mantra which is chant to remembering God. That's the difference between them. Next time Don't Compare it.
BREAKING NEWS: In the celebration of the wiladat of Imam Ali A.S, a group of terrorist attacked the shi'a gathering in Kabul, Afghanistan. At least 28 are martyred and dozens are injured. Pray for Humanity May Allah protect our fellow Muslims any where. Is this jihad? No?
I’m sorry you’re an idiot. Out of the 13 countries currently on the travel visa restriction list, only 8 are Muslim-majority. That’s 8 out of 50 Muslim-majority countries in the world. Some Muslim ban, eh?
Madam, first i thanks to you for reply in good manners, i also respect every religion,i hv only objections on FALSELY explain quran by today's mullas and molviyis. Killing innocent people in the name of Islam,They support ISIS n other terrorists group, love jihad etc. I respect u
when you claim to pray for your son to meet the right person.. but start bashing the Christian woman who’s in love with your son..
Erdogan's supporters say same thing to regime supporters. Radical Christians and radical Muslims say the same thing to each other. Before accusing YOUR people of treason and being thugs, just ask yourself that how come these people got sick of their own leader and support Erdogan
RT @jemfleming: @riwired @GOP @VileIslam 'When the Muslim population in a region reaches a certain.. point, the agitation begins..' http://…
Idiot muslim men have sex without marriage, drink, get tattoos, and do drugs, but pork is where you draw the line? LMAOO funny
I know more Islam than most of Muslims in here. You seem like a complete idiot who will fall for any positive propaganda about Islam and don’t believe the authentic Islamic sources I give you. Islam is not full of lies but full of hate for non-Muslims, women, etc.
RT @DavidJo52951945: In the UK like idiots we give jihadis rehabilitation, Jordan execute them. We are a joke http://t.co/WlkeDRKvnZ
I actually think you are a buffoon with limited critical thinking and reading comprehension skills. You are obviously anti-Muslim and looking to justify anti-Muslim activities. I'm sure you're one of those idiots who believe that what happened to Nabra Hassanen wasn't hate crime.
RT @PatDollard: So-called terrorism is just jihad. That's why "terrorists" are called jihadis. Jihad is the core of Islam, not a perversion…
Hindutva is the radical version of Hinduism. Like Islamic Terrorism is of Islam . Both have one thing in common in Islam they use their prayer Allah u Akbar to kill and in Hindutva they use Jai Shri Ram
#AdamDriverIsOverParty 20 years after 9/11 and you still can't differentiate between Muslims and terrorists. LMAO Idiots. Go educate yourself for the love of God.
The question is; does Labour really deserve my vote ? Or does my ballot deserve to be spoilt ? Radical manifesto, but a brexit policy I cannot support #GE2109
And did u seek Justice when Islamic terrorism is murdering hundreds of people daily all over the globe ?
Krauss is an idiot. Just watch his debate with Hamza Tzortzis. You'll see how such a big figure could lose a debate with an unknown (at that time) muslim man. Islam and religions as whole has always been constantly attacked for their morality.
YOU are a LYING, CHEATING, UN Christian woman who has ZERO right to tell our great President what to say or what not to say. We all KNOW who you are and what you represent. Lying, Cheating, Scamming DEMONCRATS! Sit down and be quiet, @realdonaldtrump has this.
@KapilMishra_IND Ur campaign is globally uniting all Hindus and giving them a voice against Islamic terrorism... What u have done is simply excellent...
@laura_woodsy No its saying White lives matter because everytime a muslim idiots stabs or murders white ppl it gets washed under the carpet..3 ppl were killed In Reading and all you are talking about is a fucking banner !
Ni bcoz he talk to cut india from assam and u calling him innocent he is tertorist everytime u defend people like him stopic islamic terrorism
You all are converted muslim by Mughals Era! Conversion itself repeat thyself!! Welcome you all in sanatan dharma!! Islam is fake religion invented by a fake person.... 135 feet tall virgin are false promise by idiots. Come to Hinduism Come with nationality
It’s a graph showing PERCENTAGES of FGM in each country. In every single case, it is MOST PREVALENT in Muslim communities, just like I said - you don’t get to add the other two together, you idiot!
to everyone who voted conservative, fuck you it doesn't take a fucking genius to read the manifesto and THINK you're laughing at america now but you've voted the real evil into parliament, an idiot with a posh voice that old white men who hate muslims adore
@Rayandawlah_ @_Jihad10 These days might and honor come from science, technology, humanitarianism. Which is why Muslims won't get any.
'They are loyal, respectful and humble persons..' Yes, to their own muslim tribe. You are an idiot, if you miss the 'small detail'.
Dude NONE of those things about trump are true. Muslims with necklaces. He actually is anti hijab because he found it demeaning to women. You are a new kind of idiot
Another example (while I'm on topic), ISIS propaganda was spread using television kiosks &amp; video projections in public because many under their regime were unable to read. In that model, the illiteracy also allowed the terrorist org to control interpretation of the Quran.
Let me guess : yet another #Christian woman shouting her rights are being violated by having to listen to music....#Laughable
That said. The Dems are gender is a spectrum, Trans men competing against women is good, killing babies in up to birth. Christians can’t support that. I am not “supporting” Trump I am getting behind conservative judges and for the moment less radical views on sex.
YOU IDIOT THESE WORKS ARE DOCUMENTED BY MULTIPLE SOURCES. Europeans, Muslims, Oromo Oral Tradition and you're very own ETHIOPIANS IN HISTORY. The only alteration is the version that you think is true. Goodness you are despicable. The mindless people is actually you!!! Goodness
A bunch of idiots walking around claiming salaf quoting Quran and Hadith yet lack the empathy or the mercy to feel for the brothers and sisters suffering under tyranny like in Syria and Iraq or anywhere else. You salaf but you can’t cry for the tortured Muslims. Stop the bs pleas
Your love for her is clearly visible for her and you being a Muslim bro.. Nobel peace prize is a biggest joke in outside world.. Anyway, it's a shame for us as a nation projecting some funded idiot as a hero leaving our true pride.. shame @HRDMinistry Cc: @PMOIndia @HMOIndia
They pull it all into one poll bc they want to have better understanding how many still muslim, how many are not, quit being an idiot, no you said before its clearly 2 different poll
In case you didn't know it was the MUSLIMS who enslaved blacks. And they had the help of other blacks. You going to tear down the statue of Martin Luther King Jr. now? IDIOT!
This is rich, coming from a woman who is pushing antisemitism, will not support and defend the Constitution and does not renounce the violence against Christians by radical Islam. Stopping the flood of illegal border crossings that brings crime into America would show loyalty.
Michelle was a lawyer and a dean at Univ of Chicago, after she graduated Princeton and Harvard (Melania didn't even though she lied on her VISA). As First Lady, she fought for LGBT rights and healthier lifestyles. She is a good christian WOMAN and great role model.
Idiot !!!Exodus and genocide are two different things...Exodus happened but the reason here was genocide....Also thousands of terrorists were killed,unless you know they were muslims and kashmiris....Also in 84,the riot was against sikhs by the state
Idiot! There’s a case in supreme court currently filed by dalit Christians to ask for reservations? Could u explain what are dalit Christians? Could you explain why ahmediyas are considered inferior to other Muslims? Stupid ppl writing shit without knowing anything
Now the Bible calls being “gay” a sin. But as a Christian woman, I often struggle with it. People can be such devout Christians and be hated by their Christian peers for who they love and it just has never sat right with me.
I'm not going to post a lyric piece with this..I'm going to make a statement instead. "Some people....just deserve to be bitten..in all of the right ways" Take it as you will.... Type O Negative; Christian Woman https://youtu.be/3sMALbhJU6M
You really is an idiot. Do you think my response to you is some sort of a dialogue exchanging points of views? Your hatred to Muslims automatically compelled you to condemn a Palestinian victim who was killed by a foreign occupying military checkpoint in a Palestinian territory.
Did you watch Republic and Times Now debate a day before? Islamist are defending that this is archeology dept.'s fraud news. Also some Muslims says that a masjid is there under the temple surely.... Only God can change these Idiots...
1000 years of Muslim RULE and you are still 80%, still talk of #ForcefulConversions? Look what chaos &amp; havoc putting idiots in power for 6 years have created in divided #Bharat. Imagine ruling #AkhandBharat for 1000 years &amp; you are still there. You have no moral to say anything.
That all sounds quite foolish, you can't see intelligence in the skin you idiot. STOP LETTING IN MUSLIMS turn the boats round for a start! I pay taxes and I want the best to get the job and sod the colour of the skin! I will tell you what is not acceptable, let me show you
What are you trying to say ? Temple help vikas dubey.! Have you ever say masjid help terrorism., have you ever say madarsha corrupt muslim community.! U idiot asshole news channel.! Ur fake propaganda and terrorists helping hand .. are showing all over country..!
if you dont understand the specific Urdu dialect from karnataka then you should get someone who understands, they are asking them not to shop at all, they are not saying hindu or muslim shop, everyshop in Karnataka has Kannada board. idiots have no limits
Terroristan is way to history because The terrorist nation of Pakistan has started recruiting kids to wage jihad against India. It is high time that #FATFshouldBlacklistPakistan to save the world and save humanity. @FATFNews #FATF #Fatfblacklist
Why not ban #Quran if one of u want to share the fact about it, If not than why not tell me 10 points.A doctor become terrorist, a engineer become terrorist,Isis made by a khalifa What is good in this?? May be something is not good, World must have single religion that's Humanity
You talk and sound like a good Christian woman of faith. How about that @Mitt ??? Wow..just wow!!!! Right???
@truaemusic Islam is not a race, microbrain, it is a religion.  You can always tell a leftist, because when he runs out of arguments he...
This idiot telling me that Sahih Hadiths aren’t Sahih. What’s wrong with you? That’s your excuse?, if it’s not Sahih, why is Sahih written on it and it’s on your Sunnah website. Your prophet was so disgusting and now you’ve thrown Sahih Muslim and Bukhari under the bus
I know it’s a radical idea, but shouldn’t the Archbishop of Canterbury support the Church and the Christian Faith?
@RaniaKhalek @MaxBlumenthal Another taqiyya liar making up garbage for the sake of  Mohammed's desire to exterminate Jews.
@DianH4 @rogue_allah You are lying again, just like a Muslim. The Quran approves of raping slave girls explicitly.
Then y they killed new born babies in Afg? Why blast in schools in Pak? What happened in Syria? Why they kill those Muslims who don't agree with them? It may have been religion of peace bt now producing radical islamic terrorism. Hv u ever heard a religion with most terrorists?
Black Christian Woman DESTROYS BLM Narrative In NYC! https://youtu.be/n1ULpCmOUkg via @YouTube Bevelin is right on track refund the Police!!!
You are doing really well . Talking full advantage of foolish people ( all of your followers are idiots) Why don't you trend this in yr country? We don't come and beg you trend this and trend that. LEAVE US ALONE. We have only one relation with all Muslims and that is LOVE.
Gay man thrown off the rooftop by ISIS for being gay.  Despite what the radical left claims, this is the real #Islam. http://t.co/1YPpriD7pk
what about the mistreatment of Muslims in India? you sound like that does not exist. seems like you're blind to things happening in your own country. don't need help from idiots like you, but then again, it's not too late for YOU to get educated, then we'll have a chat.
YES!!! A REPUBLICAN CHRISTIAN WOMAN AND SHE KEPT A RIFLE LOCKED AND LOADED FOR YOU LYNCHING CONSTITUTION DESTROYING DEMOCRATS OF OUR 2ND AMMENDMENT RIGHTS OF A GUN OWNER! #IAMIDABWELLS #IAMACONSTITUTIONALIST
Hope u had 100000000 pages written dor Islamic terrorism . Its shame u cant bear brahmanical terror for few yrs ! Whr as kept spreading Islamic terror since decades
@ShabirBurhani It must be hard on you terrorists.  Now you can't rape that prisoner any more or make a propaganda film of her execution.
There is a clear difference between Halal water and Halal meat. You dont cut the throat of water and let it die in pain. Idiot. Also that white guy comment is extremely racist. Sikhs can be any race. Just like muslims can be x
You idiot, as a child I played sports with Jewish kids part of the same team(not Jewish or Muslim team), attended the 1st wedding I can remember was in a synagogue. Synagogue &amp; Mosque in the same compound and attended many discussions among Jews &amp; Muslims. Not always religion.
In a country of 1.3 billions with Minorities population of near about 35cr !! Do you think that is practical?? There are some idiots who say shit all the time in Hindus and Muslims as well but that doesn't mean Majority think this way. Do not worry INDIA is for all INDIANS.
RT @Juliet777777: MUSLIMS Australia to form  Australian All-Muslim Army impose sharia law http://t.co/4PRVBxHEbV   #FFRNN #WAKINGUP @TedtBa…
@ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam You think Hamas doesn't  practice cruel and inhuman treatment of Palestinians? Are you blind?
Yaa u ppl can bark on such platforms but everyone knows Islamic terrorism and how local population supports it that is y Secret Service ppl jumped into action when someone shouted Olla hu Uber at a Trump rally
@Komal_Qureshi The word itself couldn't Confuse if Terrorists of Humanity didnot Hijack the word 'Jihad'&amp;'Islam'.Differentiation then vital.
@jukes303 Islam created that monster and Islam has been creating them for 1400 years. http://t.co/PmntvTUQs4
#antifa doesn’t exist you idiots. It’s just a biiiiiig group of people, who think fascism, racism, sexism, anti Muslim anti lqtbq ANY kind of oppression is not okay. We stand for peace side by side with #blacklivesmatter and when I say WE I mean 90% of Americans #MAGAts stop
Of course your reference is about Democrats who support 3rd trimester killing of American babies. Any Catholic Christian Jewish voter who supports radical Democrats in an election risks damnation to hell. Trump is not the false prophet Democrat killers and anarchists are.
It means Muslim have the right to live the world. Kick this idiot hard so that he not say wrong against Hindu community. I support you Sudhir ji.
I'm sorry sir but just because this idiot offers this view doesn't mean it represents an athiest main view. Using your logic every Muslim is to be blamed for every terrorist attack done it its name. It's fatuous and you know it.
You idiot are a slap on the face of modern day reformist Hindus who claim that current Caste System was due to Muslim rule. These apologists claimed that Caste=Varna and people were free to choose their vocation as per their interests. Thank you for proving them wrong.
You idiot it was a Ram temple first. Then Muslim barbarians destroyed it and built a mosque on top of it. 40,000 more mosques in India will be destroyed .
@QrysBinThynkn That's because it's all about the barbarity of Islam, not the beards.
Were muslims idiots that they presented best case possible to defend the quran and get those two hindus into jail? I hope so. I think you should also fight that case. Challenge that verdict. Go ahead.
@jncatron @dailydot Pigs like you never whine so loud at the hundreds of murders by Muslims every day around the world.
RT @4chunat1: CNN reports on the murders of homosexuals by the Islamic State, but the problem isn’t just ISIS, it’s Islam http://t.co/ocd3R…
I am At 4 right now. I have a hard time holding my tongue and as a Christian woman I need to pray more. I've had Times when I get very angry Because I sit here in my home and can't really do much. My family thinks I'm losing my mind And I find myself not saying anything anymore.
Humanity again shameful becoz of sum stupid ppl I hope all world now finish jihad and won't support any form of terrorist. @BBCWorld @cnni
Muslim hatred will stop once they stop hating us. Dig a hole and hibernate till ISIS finds you and beheads you. Useful FUCKIN IDIOT for non Hindus.
No Jew,Catholic or Christian should ever vote for antisemitic antichristian Democrat party. They support and back radical antisemitic members of Congress, backed by liberal media.
@reza_rahman That's an excuse and a cop out.  Every single Islamic nation is repressive. They produce either dictators or theocrats.
I am in agreement with you on your statement of idiots are everywhere but look at reality maximum defiance for lockdown was in muslim dominated areas. Now they themselves are paying price, so we need to appoint more open-minded mullahs to lead so we have healthy society.
U r right about kalam.But believe me 98% of muslims r not follower of Kalam sahab.But 99% of hindus like him.98% of muslims r follower of radical islamic terrorism
Swampism of AI, Big Tech, Lawless lawyers guild, Academics, Bureaucrats inability to define? or collaborating enforcement with the enemy? Treason? Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn on Marxism, Nazism,Fascism, Communism, Radical Islamic Terrorism YouTube
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Mohammed approved in the Quran of sex slavery. ISIS is a firm believer in sex slavery.
There's no if & buts about what Allah has said in Quran & we as a Muslims are not even allowed to disagree with it. Muslims are not allowed to "afsoos karna" of someone's death who is of other religion. *But you idiots are not even allowed to make fun of someone's death. Thanks!
"Did you sought our consent when you started to debate in this thread?" Listen idiot boy,this thread anyone can come and chime in.I joined in years ago.But unlike you, i did not enter by telling muslims that i have started another debate thread then"im waiting" when no one came
Muslims, Rice Bag Converts, Paid Stooges and Idiot Hindus &amp; Sikhs you can Try to Tarnish the Identity of Savarkar or Akshay Kumar but they are gonna Live Forever. OH BTW Akshay is Not Scared of You Barking Dogs or Your Crown Prince. FYI:HIS TWEET IS STILL AVAILABLE FOR YOUR USE
Nope. He preserved ahlus sunnah and the lives and dignity of chechnyan muslims from wahhabi radicals. Chechnya is more islamic than almost all "independent muslim countries" you idiot
@ChickfilA Nice job stabbing your loyal Christian customer’s in the back Chick-fil-a! Pulling your support of Christian group’s, to appease radical leftist activist’s, is appalling! I hope your loyal customer’s, no longer buy your product’s! #ChickFilaTraitors
Do You Remember the MASS RIOTS/LOOTING After Muslim Cop Mohamed Noor Shot Justine Damond Point Blank in the Chest in Minneapolis? WHERE ARE YOU? ANTIFA/BLACK LIVES MATTER so obviously the Army of Obama/@SenateDems To make conflict/to braindwashibg idiots to vote Biden/Democrats
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Where the Muslims followed the example of Mohammed and continued to murder them.
3leeekom Allah if anyone has that video of those two Australian girls saying “not all Muslim are from Islam you idiot” videos PLEASE SEND IT HERE
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs Looks like you are the ignorant asshole, in that there is no other religion that has close to that number.
@anjemchoudary Accepting the idea that Allah obsesses over how we take a dump shows just how utterly insane this inbred religion is.
Regrettably, no one will track them down & they will never be punished. It should be clear to all that our govt, judiciary, police, academia and lame stream fake news media are globalists. Thus they support radical Islam but detest Jews, Christians, patriotism &amp; nationalism.
Why is it that all suicide bombers, terrorists, ruthless ISIS killers are typically muslims??? Coz their Quran preaches hatred and genocide. Let muslims go to muslim countries... Haha , even muslims aren't at peace with each other. It's a typical racist religion.
Wtf? She just told you to handle a sexual harassment situation yourself, and only if you are a "Christian woman" do you have the right to defend yourself. She gave the power to the man, and she should lose her fucking job, and her female status! This made my blood boil
Muslims lawyers,doctors, cleaners and police. You are an idiot to punish all Jews for the actions of a few bad people. Reforms more government control? No we need less rules and more prayer Don’t be a hater be a liker!
@PsychBarakat @PhilipMills8 @jncatron No, it's anti semitism.  This Palestinian leader clearly tells you that it is a religious war by....
There's a difference between not liking trump and hating everyone who supports him and implying that all of Them are idiots. Also, you didn't give me a source on that thing about not allowing Muslim refugees. I'll need to see if your claim holds any merit.
You idiot, what about Pelosi? Schumer was talking about his expansion of the Muslim travel ban....nothing to do with Coronavirus. China tried to keep it a secret for a couple weeks, same as we did for a month
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Without Muslims science would be exactly where it is today. They made zero contrib to comp science
My mom had dementia and passed away right before Christmas in 2012...it was extremely hard to see such a sweet, loving Christian woman go through this terrible disease and she had no clue. I’m so sorry to hear your sister has this, I will keep you and your family in my prayers
You’re right Reuben, you don’t *have* to prove anything. But if you continually fire questions at others and demand answers, and complain that some people denigrate your Christian beliefs yet won’t support teaching of other religions, then most would view that as hypocritical.
It says that 1 muslim is enough for 10 kafir. Idiot Should I prove that Quran is the words of God? You should have minimum knowledge on science to understand. OK?
Why are u still silent? Why are u not speaking against islamic terrorism from pakistan. Hypocrisy!
RT/Gangs/Terrorist//Borders/Marxist/Police State/Corrupt/Jihad/Disease/Disaster/Humanity Depends On Conservative Vote
no nevr , u hv need to chang ur own perception on the other we all expect that u gays stand against islamic terrorism for the safety of ur own realign
@PetaIndia #BanPetaIndia Your organization is full of idiots. You are saying about Hindu culture without knowing it. Why you are scared of saying about muslims who kill cow , goat and many other animals?
And idiots like you can only notice who is Hindu or Sikh or Muslim. Shows your mentality. Don’t know about Hindus but you are certainly not a Punjabi. Now get lost pls. And don’t bother to comment again on my tweets.
When do you idiots understand that not all Turks are Muslim or think like you, Pakistanis need to stop grieving over them and being Ottoman revivalists on their behalf. Go and establish sharia law in your own country first our liberals are getting out of hand!
And that "humanism" is selective for lapdog like u mf !! You guys did low level political propaganda on every things from lynching to rape depend on religion,caste and ruling state... Lapdog mf never condemn pak sponsored local islamic terrorism of kasmir ....!!
@Bruciebabe @MaxBlumenthal Jews lived on 40% of the Arabian peninsula before the prophet Mohammed started exterminating them.
LGBTQ rights should have nothing to do with politics! I'm a straight white Christian woman and I'm repulsed by this idea of straight pride!
@scamp_faridxx Actually, Islam is a fraudulent religion that was made up long after it was supposedly founded. http://t.co/fBhiH42B8M
we will see how far you will go twisting everything in oromia&amp;southern states with islam!labling every mob deeds in oromia to muslim extremist&amp;tryin to create religious chaos in oromia between muslim&amp;christian oromos is good for nothing!you neftegna amharas playin idiot drama
@greenlinerzjm It means "God is Great". Often shouted while Muslims are murdering one of gods creations.
@TuckerCarlson What does MAHATMA GANDHI have to do w/the muslims?!! Oh, they're all brown. Got it. You IDIOT!!
@isra_jourisra There is no difference in what the prophet Mohammed did and in what ISIS does.
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews So are you saying that the Quran is wrong with this piece of bigotry? http://t.co/oW2W2HPmYZ
No, wanting to deny people healthcare, spreading anti-Muslim conspiracy theories, retweeting Richard spencer and orher alt-right idiots means you do have problems with people. You just don't want to face any semblance of responsibility for choosing to be a shit person.
Ohh great work done by you have you ever spoken about islamic terrorism and have you ever spoken about Kashmiri pandits Hatts off to you keep spreading hate it will suit u U r the true jaichand of india
Scoundrels like you find nothing but this clip to show your maturity level, Idiot She is an actress what its gotta do with Mother of Muslims.
That was a pretty funny moment when she said she'd never lie. That's right up there with her declaration "I stand as a Christian woman." It's a good thing blasphemy isn't a crime in USA.
Everything you just typed, is the last thing an oppressed Muslims in ChYna would say. Why would a person of a well-know oppressed Religion go into bat for an oppressor? They never would of their own free will. You must think we are idiots. @realDonaldTrump @ScottMorrisonMP
Muslims raise their children on hate. http://t.co/D0rEi7OLAO
Because there are no other races there except muslims they farm body organs from. And because they welded people in their apartments and covered the roads with dirt piles over Covid.. You are a worthless idiot without a clue what you are talking about.
This is the thing, you guys don’t understand, No human converts to Muslim. Islam is not a religion you idiots, it’s a way of life. And who ever start follow this path, is call Muslim. Very simple. very complicated for you may be. Good luck
Ok as per India 300 KP were killed. You know how many Kashmiri Muslim were killed? Number is in lakhs. And this quote isn't from Quran dumbo, you should first check ot yourself before posting like an Idiot. And what demography change are you talking about? Muslims are part of Ind
I know right, 'Wholesome Christian Woman'. They is be tripping.
He’s a dangerous man with little to no regard for people who don’t support his ideological view and Dominionist Christian agenda. The Manning Centre is a financial contributor to many radical &amp; extremist initiatives, like anti choice Wilberforce Project and Right Now!
Our religion teaches us peace. It states if you murder a man you murder whole humanity. ISIS do not represent us they are pure terrorists who claim to be muslims. Let me tell you they are not. That is why I asked you to read Quran so will get a clear picture of what a Muslim is
Too bad that Uber is a middle aged bible thumping Christian woman who hasn’t heard of blink and won’t remember the name right to tell her kids.
So the Terrorist who understands the Same thing that they were doing Jihad. But What they are the Mass Murdered of Humanity and People who won't know what the Purpose of the Jihad by killing Non-Muslims. they were also the Part of Terrorism which shut over Islamic Terrorism.
RT @harikondabolu: In his #Ferguson testimony, Darren Wilson said he thought "it looks like a demon" before he shot Mike Brown. Ironic word…
first of all that man could dare to abuse the police men, Dubai police wud have done worst to him even if he is a muslim. i see a bunch of idiots complaining her about these issues expecting an intervention ?? they know what you nuts are upto.....and ur hypocricy. shame on u
Haven’t we already gone over this why do you keep bringing the same shit I’ve already said I KNOW white people all races Asians mexicans Muslims their all together with us through this are you an idiot I never said their weren’t any other races
muslim twitter talking about rioting is haram reminds me of when those fucking idiots tried to say the sudanese people protesting is haram like damn just say you hate black people and stop hiding behind your religion
ISIS is what happens when Islam is taken seriously. Most Muslim people don't take the Islamic teaching such as the Quran as serious as some take it, that's why we have a lot of Islamic terrorists. You don't see a Christian ISIS or a Jewish ISIS do you? There is no such thing.
Typical ex forces racist far right response. It’s idiots like you they’re protesting against!. How many Muslim kids did you kill??
@okieatheist @EWErickson The idea that no go zones are a right wing boogie man is stupid.  No go zones are real.
Trying means what? You urself made things like Hitler Nazi or whatever shit u think. Where are the Hindus of Bangladesh, Pakistan, Kashmir, Afghanistan? So Islamic terrorism can wipe out other people from their lands but the other people do hold any right to retaliate? Bullshit
Stop bringing your anti american Muslim ideas to america. What idiots actually voted you in?
India ranks 177/180 in Environment Index... Everything is so ruined... Why don't u talk bout real issues....Huh ? Islamic terrorism may have taken millions of lives... But what bout the lives of our own children that we may lose tomorrow
I see you all the time on twitter if, there is a story anywhere about a christian woman doing anything decent you verbally attack and insult them. I dont try to see your tweets but you are everywhere decent people try to do what is right, insulting them constantly.
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime There are zero lies that westerners create. It all comes from your own Quran and Hadiths.
@warriorsialkot @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj @98Halima @cdnKhadija There is nothing that ISIS does that prophet Mohammed did not also do.
DOD: ‘No Corroborating Evidence‘ Russians Offered Bounties on U.S. Troops https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2020/06/29/pentagon-no-corroborating-evidence-russians-offered-bounties-troops-afghanistan/ via @BreitbartNews Only lunatics as radical communist anti Semitic anti Christian anti American democrats c come up w such senerio.Tpresident f day1as president s support t military
Because your forefathers were not Muslims idiots You are inferior Get that straight !
@MaxBlumenthal @NYTOpinionator @Volker_Beck Blumenthal's silence on the Muslim Jihad against humanity, and it's cost.
Im a muslim and i have never ever supported terrorists. Stop saying fake things you idiot.
Elle is an idiot who believes in superstitions and has no clue about dowry laws in India. You don't want to agree with that...it is okay. But please don't defend an idiot just because she is a muslim.
« Not all Muslims are from Islam, you idiot »
“If you don’t have anything nice to say, then don’t say anything at all." That's me right now. But I will say this much. As a Christian woman, I won't spend time praying for the well being of truly evil people. I will pray for a Lee Atwater moment in life.
Biggest lie I ever listen, Terrorism has no religion. Tell me how many Hindu are in US jail for terrorist activities, Why muslims are blowing themselves up in the name Allah. What is ISIS doing making peace shit of it. Quran saying U can kill kafirs and that is justifyable.
@mutaSawwif And if you are going to follow a prophet that approved of collateral damage, then don't complain about collateral damage.
Your entitled to your opinion and so are myself and President Trump. Your marriage to your brother was disgusting. Your Anti Christian Jewish position runs counter to our Constitution. You support a radical Islamic Terrorists group (Care). That is enough. No
He maybe could've fought to abolish slavery instead of fighting for states "rights" to keep slavery and not give you idiots the notion of treating slaves "well". Also, you forgot to spell out what, I assume, the word was meant to be, Muslim.
And for you nd indian IT Cell idiot’s info, Pakistani muslims mostly have names which have a literal meaning in arabic or persian. The name ‘SHAHZAZ’ belongs to neither. So next time they should do some research before making a mockery out of themselves
Yes, no one should have the right to stop anyone to read Quran. But if taught forcefully by the government, then how is this government any different than Taliban or ISIS? At least those terrorists are not hypocrites. We may have different opinion but respect if you’re a soldier!
You are an idiot. As human no they aren't lesser than us but as for belief's they are kuffar and we are Muslims. And in islamic land there is no place for shirk. In isb there are less than 200 Hindus and there are already many mandirs. Dumbass
You idiot. There never was a Muslim ban. You just signed an act banning an act that didn’t exist.
@truaemusic I'm telling you that the religion of Islam is guilty of the murder of 280 million citizens of the earth and I will not ...
U need to see your doctor .Ur suffering from illusion...or u must be watching Pakistani or islamic television where they creat news to satisfy their ego .watch zee news DNA there a man who beat Pakistan and islamic terrorism everyday and whole world love him .
which song is ur favorite - van halen- right now - janis joplin- summertime - type o negative- christian woman reply to this with anything for 3 artists
Turkey and ERDOGAN THEY ARE TERRORIST ISIS member and leader ERDOGAN hi is killing children and women terrorist erdogan must go hell fuck the islam fuck the quran
@dankmtl The prophet Mohammed fired the starting gun for the extermination of Jews and Christians from peninsula. http://t.co/V1IIOoItIg
Which will seem like heaven compared to the incoming race wars, 20,000 gang rapes by Muslims in 77 towns across Britain didn’t happen because they like us, they all want revenge you fucking idiot, they just waiting for demographics to reach a certain tipping point
you have no sense or knowledge and then keep arguing. Idiots like you are the problem. so if a pakistani muslim says he is hindu it is acceptable and can be given citizenship. Why tjere is cut off 2015, after that persecution stopped or what? Do you know there are different
Will people stop blaming Turkey for everything and start judging 49 other Muslim countries in the world? NOOOO. Idiots like you think we live in 17th century and the magnificent Sultan Suleyman rules the empire. Aren't you Muslim?Why don't you fight instead of insulting Turkey?
What do mean by produce...Over 3 million humans were killed when allied forces invaded Iraq who were they, ISIS TERRORISTS killed more than million who were they...Same quran you misquoted earlier said in 5:32 "Whoever kills and innocent is as if he killed the whole humanity"
yall fcking idiots talking abt modesty in islam and the hijab saying it prevents men from sexually assaulting/harassing you is wrong on so many levels, ive lived in a muslim country where most women wear the hijab and let me tell you, they get sexually harassed too
The trouble is, it has to have broad appeal. Start adding qualifications - inclusive, socialist, radical, Christian, ecological, ecumenical, or whatever and some support is lost.
RIGHT!! Like it’s not hard to be a pure Christian woman!!! Just look at us!!!!
Omg they’re a cutie Hope you’re feeling better!
@timesnow All peace loving Muslims should unite to fight terrorist waging war on humanity in name of jihad
I know a Christian woman whose husband (the only man she ever had sex with) gave her an STD. But I guess it’s her fault for marrying him, right?
When you ask these idiots about the plight of the Palestinians under colonial apartheid Israel, they never show sympathy, instead they point out to China or Iran. What’s that to do with this? These people are just racist bigots pretending to care about Muslims! They full of shit.
#24915022020F Turkey Prez @RTErdogan spoke no #Lies about Desert Cult #WithoutBoundaries Islam In Danger Quran Invoked Think @MFATurkey Defending #ISIS gangs in Syria. After @realDonaldTrump 2018 strike numerous #ISIS Terrorist entered Pak. Alert @narendramodi @summy1957 @ZeeNews
Fun fact, religious ppl around the world think it's their right to be stupid. See, come together evangelicals and muslims in the knowledge that you are two peas in an idiot pod.
Why liberals (??) like u justify Islamic terrorism and criticise Hindu hardliners?? Why??
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Mohammed had people murdered who disagreed with him. He raped women. He married a 6 year old. He beheaded Jews.
You Muslim POFS, the worst President America Ever had, just shut your fucking mouth because you have nothing intelligent to say to begin with you brainless Idiot.
Do if people don't identify as far right or Alt right you are allowed to mis-identify them but if you mis gender someone that's bad, right? He dated an evangelical Christian woman..wow, someone alert the FBI Millions of Christian women out there will lead men to crazed killers?
That's why india needs & #CAASupport #caa_nrc_support to protect our sikh hindu parsi Buddhist Christian families from radical islam in (pak, ban &amp; afgan) .... But politics is going on this sensitive issue, pls hv some spine @Akali_Dal_ @mssirsa ji
Palestine would have had better chances in putting up a proper narrative if it was Christian . As I said earlier some people will choose to die than Choose the side of Radical Islam Assad is anti-Israel yet he gets support from Many such anti-Islam people
We all assume that societies will progress. But #Islam forces societies to regress. Afghanistan 1950 and now. http://t.co/DnHuQ2pbuX
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 Mohammed later attacked the Jews of Khybar, slaughtered many and also stole their property.
And soon you will have only convent produced zombies because RTE as designed by Congis to kill Hindu schools will do exactly what it was designed for. But it helps "underpriviliged hindu kids you elitist". Idiot, Modi has helped Muslims more than Hindus.
As a Christian woman dating you’ll notice signs of when a man isn’t right for you much faster. It’s important you don’t “see how it goes” in any of these situations: you’ll end up wasting your time You’ve seen the TRUTH: stop waiting to get hurt before you listen
@CherguiaMbark Every Muslim convert becomes Muslim propaganda.
Professor attacked on campus for telling truth about Islam, the religion that cannot survive without killing speech. http://t.co/uKr78i0Kch
Cherie... Antifa are radical communist terrorists. They’re about to be designated as a terrorist group in the US. They hate western society and as part of that they also hate the Christian church. They suppress free speech with violence and intimidation. Do you support that?
This ignores the fact that many non and nominal christians didn't support abolition. Those who did were considered what we would call the fundies of today. Radical christians.
Today fake news wins.. and educated guys like you share these, without source, to create communal disharmony.... One day these Hindus and muslims and christians will kill each other and atleast the blood of one child will be shed because of you
@dankmtl Here, butthead, this gives a good summary of the Muslim persecution of Christians in Palestine. http://t.co/gvLellbFdP
Because siding with Abortion on demand, over taxation, anti-Semitism, terrorist sympathizers, and radical lunatics on the left is, again, more abhorrent. Give Christians a better candidate to support and they will do it. But the Democrats certainly don’t offer it.
Don't you know...what my intentions are...iam Muslim Brotherhood...I want dismantle US..you fools idiot Amercans...no body can touch me iam cockroach...did you get it...no go drink some more Beer. I'll be reelected... . Think Fellow Americans ...got it...no never.
actually no, i don’t support the pro choice radical christian overpriced craft store that makes enough money to close on sunday in the name of an old white man in the clouds, but thanks for the thought!
It’s not “bigot crap”. If you say Muslims this or Christians that or Jews thi, that is bigotry. I doubt your ‘friends’ would appreciate it. I for one wouldn’t sit quietly if some idiot in my country made such an arbitrary and ill informed comment about Christians or Jewish people
We just published our first book for radical Christians get one today and support our ministry. http://www.destiny-outreach.org/shop "Mission Hope America-Lord Heal Our Land"
@MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 @buttercupashby Any idiot lawyer could make the case that the Quran should be outlawed on the basis of being hate speech.
@NNdabbour64 Even Muslims talk about forcing children to become Muslims. It's not a big secret. http://t.co/NonpBsJlHX
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Even with what Hitler did to Jews, still more want to live in the west than under hatefilled Islam
You people are fucking idiots on the face of earth. Muslim world will never forget What you did in Adlib. @JZarif #WakeUpUmmah4UmarBinAbdulAziz
You idiot not all Muslim women wear the hijab it’s a personal choice there’s nothing wrong with the way she dressed its shystee choice how she dresses, my wife daughter only have scarf for wedding and funerals
@roisin_morgan Muslim terrorists is the reason why the Christian percentage of Palestinians has fallen to almost zero.
Spoken with all the love, understanding and compassion of Christ, right? — you know, coming from a good Christian woman such as yourself.
@DrHaque @MaxBlumenthal @NYCJulieNYC @mehdirhasan @tnr Yes, ISIS defames Islam by following it to the letter. http://t.co/DoNlOQYGYJ
Pompeo is almost unbelievable: an apocalyptic Christian radical who believes in the "End Justifies the Means" &amp; is steering US policy in support of his own agenda. How he got to be where he is today is an indictment of the American electorate, the administration, &amp; @SenateGOP.
You're totally right. Only Catholics, Protestants, Mormons, Jehovah's Witnesses, Jews, and Muslims believe in Original Sin. SUCH a marginal doctrine. Am I arguing with a complete idiot or just a regular one?
Who justified? It was a riot you idiot, do you understand what a riot is? As per you, congress helped modi? because it was in the center, all institutions belonged to them, they always appease muslims, so how come modi went scot free? Good friendship with RG?
And you believe what China says who has over a million muslims in concentration camps and repress opposition by imprisonment and death who allowed the Wuhan virus to spread globally.....Okay idiot...
Lol....... why r u nkt asking ur Islamic terrorism organizations... Raw never do this shit like u jihadi people
What..? No I just tried to pick the most radical Christian opinon I could to compare. What would you pick that compares to 57% of Egyptian Muslims in support of violence against civilians "sometimes"
Qouting quran without it's background is the technique used by terrorists groups like ISIS Al-Qaeda to brainwash Muslims. Read this article. https://www.soundvision.com/article/does-god-really-command-muslims-to-kill-non-muslims
Hahahaha Arre dumb idiot, I didn't tell you about my religion. Did I? I might be a hindu or muslim or Xian or Sikh or Parsi or Buddhist or maybe an atheist? How does that bloody change anything about what I told you? Right to freedom of religion (including to PROPAGATE) is a +
Dear @asadowaisi sahab amish devgan has hurted us by calling Hazrat Khwaja Moinuddin chisti by callim him lootera, we all Muslims should take action against this idiot and should file a fir against him, you are our beloved leader, so please do a strong fir get this idiot arested
There was never a Muslim ban, and the ban on people from certain countries expired long ago, you idiot.
@98Halima @BilalIGhumman @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @rfrankh53 ISIS has slavery because the prophet Mohammed was a slave owner and trader.
A lot of Christian sects do wear head coverings. The ACLU even filed a suit against Alabama on behalf of a Christian woman who was denied the right to wear a head covering for her DL photo.
Every terrorist of ISIS read Quran, Every jihadi reads Quran, terrorist of 26/11read quran terrorist of 1947 read Quran, Terrorist of 9/11Read Quran , Terrorist of Kshmir Read Quran Question- Why Quran Reader become terrorist??
To Muslims a woman walking down the street is a giant vagina demanding to be raped if she is not covered by a tent. http://t.co/XTd6RTpRB8
By the looks of him, I can tell you that this idiot is not smart. He is making treats to kill fellow Americans. Shouldn't he be charged for attempted terrorism? Or, does he have to be only a Muslim to be charged?
Much better than teaching children's about jihad &amp; making them terrorists, who are threat to whole humanity
@camille_caldera you are an idiot. Your piece on face coveries by Muslim countries is unreal. It's like you know everything your saying is bullshit made up just to respond to people who think face shields are dumb. Any face covering should lower the numbers. Journalism is dead.
All most all muslims read Qur'an. And every isis and terrorists read Qur'an. What happen???? World knows the consequences of Quran products.
RSS is Ka'afirs & Terrorist Killers, Muslims MUST Do JIHAD To Kill These Animals To Make PEACE For Whole Humanity? More than 40 Crore Indian Muslims Say NAARAY TAKBEER ALLAH O AKBAR &amp; Make JIHAD Against These MUSHRIKS Whom Almighty ALLAH Don't Like
I wasn't knowing that u can peep into past or cruise thru the brain and thoughts of every single person and conclude what he has done or what he has not .... And your claim that it doesn't exists id like other claims, like - there is no islamic terrorism on earth, no triple talaq
@discerningmumin Furthermore, the Muslims were the last to give up slavery, and many only did it under pressure from the west.
Nope Easter Sunday is just like any other day on the calendar. And because its a religious holiday I definitely won't support it by doing something special. My disdain for the radical christian right keeps me motivated not to particpate
What this fine Christian woman is saying is that the United States, and only the United States, should be able to use nuclear weapons with impunity and without retaliation or any consequences. Obviously, if we lobbed one first, no one at all would strike back at us, right?
“not all muslims are from islam you idiot” i love her i rlly do
Are you kidding? This is a right-wing so-called Christian man's dream. And they do it and get a way with it all the time. And the Christian woman takes it &amp; says "I'll try not to get him so mad next time." F*cking Russian trolls!
@hizam333 @CENTCOM The Daesh rats keep announcing victories at the same time they keep loosing men and land.  The world is laughing at them.
you havent seen STURGEON's advisor...i think he may be german. He has spent whole day saying how wonderful scotland is &amp; how bad England is by using COVID. The idiot cannot think in the bad areas are where muslims are hence lockdowns He sounds totally xenophobic
No..because it is proven that pakistan help in propagating islamic terrorism..and u should have the knowledge that no council can work under the shadow of terrorism..
India should also reject idiots who pose themselves as " True Hindu" . India should also reject idiots who pose themselves as "True Muslim" . Who are you to teach some one how should they follow their religion, it's a private matter. #IndiaRejectsNoiseTerror
If Biden wants to actually be “radical” then we needs to support actual leftist policies like M4A, ending the wars, the Green New Deal, legalizing marijuana, supporting reparations, etc. But he won’t bc his billionaire donors won’t let him. Biden’s corrupt policies aren’t radical
Right on! People wishing this on him just disgust me. Perhaps I have too much compassion at times, but I'm a Christian woman &amp; God created me this way on purpose. There is nothing worse anyone can do to Mueller than what he's facing already. He's suffering. I wish that on no one.
That's right. She tries to pass herself off as a "Christian" woman. Its sickening. And now Fox has brought her on.
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime So don't feed me your little piece of taqiyya BS.
Whatever they did that was 200 years ago. The Mughals were Turkic besides so Indian Muslims (ethnically same as Indian Hindus) have nothing to do with them you idiot!
SAYS THE PROFESSIONAL CHEATER & MENTIROSA who is supposed to BE a CHRISTIAN Woman. Yeah. Right. You Need to apologize to @realDonaldTrump - set a Christian example. U r in no position to Judge. Really!!!
@CompoundMixture @CruisingBye @SuperiorMenArmy Are you delusional?  Islam is one of the most violent and barbaric. http://t.co/3uh4RhYbs1
U r doing more than u think buddy,spreading hate against India and hindhus but u r not ready to accept that. BJP and rss respect good Muslims but not support radical Islamic terrorism that is clear.every hindhu had right to defend their religious beliefs like others
That’s what trump keeps telling you idiots, it’s simply not true. There are plenty of Muslims living in my community, we all get along great.
Rofl! Muslims are paedos you idiot - look at the life if the profit
yeah, until the radical Islamic terrorism in ended to the last man.. but i know u want it to never end, coz it may stop the gullible Muslim payments to you via Patreon and your gigolo activities serving erdogan khamenei etc. are at a halt now and is painful for you..
No you idiot. They were enslaved by Muslims.
2. if other do or sell their things in the name of religion they will be arrested. Now after enjoying after 70 years you dnt believe Indian Constitution. Hypocrite. This shows Muslims of India can not be trusted it is said by ambedkar too. Idiots
Idiots are among atheists as well as theists...I m giving you the authentic and scholarly opinion of learned Muslims...any social media platform shud not be used by idiots n bigots for just spreading the shit
In my mom's house it was right under "Fuck you" and "Goddammit". She was a southern christian woman
I'm just SO surprised our government would support a right-wing radical Christian takeover of a country. Much shock.
This is what the Radical Republican Party is. Far Right Radical MAGA Dummies (Cherry Picking Christians) love to hate. Forgetting they support a Five Time Draft Dodger, Far Right Radical trump. The guy who pals around with Sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein. Complaining endlessly!
are u referring to islamic terrorism? ur definition and understanding of islam is what the media has taught u which frankly makes ur arguments worthless and not worthy of engaging with
will continue to support him. No one is perfect but his record of accomplishments for our country speak for themselves. And he is certainly much more moral than the abortion-loving, infanticide supporting, LBGTQ radical transgender supporting, police-hating, Christian hating left
RT @sudixitca: .@VSRamchandra Islam = Nazism. How could it be reformed? @manonive
Yes, he didn't kill all the Muslims in Middle East, and didn't gased all protesters in Ferguson. Idiot liberals want you to come back and finish the job.
And the dangers of Islamic terrorism through immigration is real even if the Muslim u know is kind and gentle...right?
@sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime The treatment of Christians was nearly as bad.  And people not of the book were murdered outright.
Zain- But #ISIS or any other terrorist Muz1imz follow Quran, Hadith, Sira etc.. refer Ayat in Quran themselves! Don't U refer d same? Besides, they are held heroes by other Muz1imz e.g. #OsamaBinLaden is 'respected' by Muz1imz. Don't U respect saheeds like Laden?
Either you had some past or something bad happen with you. As I have my friend who is Muslim girl married to Hindu boy and they are happy too. And Visé versa. There are criminals who can be treated legally not painting any community with your Idiot mind. Go away get some life
1). You sounds like an idiot repeating his middle name like it means something. 2). He’s not, but so what if he’s Muslim? Is this country founded on freedom of religion? 3). Do you have a legitimate source for him giving that money to terrorist?
RT @Loretta778: @tdw1116 @Salon The terrorists themselves trumpet their allegiance to Allah and their religion. It's stupid to pretend away…
Pakistan is home to terrorists even their Army is nothing more then representative of Jihad with the help of terrorists to harm Humanity
they're fundamentalists who are guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity, targeting civilians with suicide bombings and indiscriminate missile attacks they incite jihad and martyrdom, glorify terrorists, encourage murder of Jews, deny rights to citizens especially women
Lol.According to chapter Al Qalam of Quran "If anyone commits a crime he/she can't be a Muslim". You can utter anything but as per Quran those ISIS terrorists weren't salafis they were Non Muslims as per quranic verse. BTW why u brought Shia here.
wait til muslims on here figure out a large majority of our community is black and you look like idiots treating blm as a joke
LMAO you actually believe this you idiot, Moor's came after the Roman empire. You think the Roman Empire was stone age? The Moor's had an advantage when they conquered Spain, because of all the Visigoths infighting, and traitors from whithin. Muslim Moor brought nothing but rape.
#Islam is designed to be a crushing of the human spirit with laws that only provide one outlet - the brutalizing of non Muslims.
Those 87% people left for Pakistan the rest 13% are still residing in India. Don't you know the percentage of Muslim's residing in India?? Idiot
Then we need to stop calling them christians since Jesus Christ was a champion of the poor, outcast &amp; bullied people of His time. Preached love not hate. So from now on Radical Racist Evangelicals if they are support vile statements that cause pain emanating from Trump's mouth.
@truaemusic A religion who has a murdering, hating pedophile at it's core has no room to be reformed.
Not only them. Check Sanjay Dutt as well. Most of the #Bollywood celebrities have D link coz of money. Agree with you. Why you bring Hindu Muslim. U idiot like no one will kill Vikas Dubey coz he is Brahmin. But when Yogi G killed Vikas BJP is against Hindu.
@AAlwuhaib1977 Yes, Muslim bigots are murdering Christians all over Africa and have been for decades.
1/2 Chinese human rights happens to be my line of work. Just today I represented a Christian woman seeking asylum. I fucking hate the Chinese government with a passion. But Christians have slaughtered gazillions of people in the name of their ideology also.
@PoliticalAnt @Lithobolos @ZaibatsuNews No go zones are exactly acting to impose such microbrain.
(1/n) Agreed! 95% Victims r Muslims. Mostly frm Syria, Iraq that too on the Hands of ISIS and Taliban. Its high time All Muslims of the World Start coming out to declare these organisatiions Non-Islamic and defend their religion so tht No terrorist can use Quran while killing sm1
@coralivesey @PTISalarKhan @georgegalloway So the entire nation of Saudi should be punnished, since they don't allow churches or bibles.
While all true, if you were a born again Christian, you'd have Wisdom &amp; Discernment to see through such a blatantly biased, one sided, radical political activist media &amp; their lies. You also couldn't support a political party whose platform supports what God calls "Abominations"
Every knows Islam teach terrorism. So shameful . President Trump also said India , Isreal and U.S.A together fight against Islamic terrorism. Will vanish completely from earth.
Pls say that to ur religious bigots and ur terror funding anti nationals. If u are a MAN then condemn islamic Terrorism and people responsible for NE DELHI RIOTS. if not, u digest my blabbering like a pill &amp; last u paki
Shahid sadeli-qui. Forget about other Communities, What's your CONTRIBUTION for Muslim community?? Except dirty filthy politics. . ! Shame on you SOUL SOLD idiot.
RT @historyscoper: #islam #jihad SWEDISH MEDIA LIE to protect Somali Muslim gang-rapists http://t.co/AcmF7CG9bj
My wife was 100% pure when we got married at 30 yrs old. She's a strong Christian woman with strong moral character and makes me a better man. Proverbs 31. I dated them all. Then I prayed for God to send me the right person. 1200 miles away in Canada. Married 12 years now!!!
I am a shia muslem ... that is exactly right The Promised Saviours mother is a chaste Christian woman, and both Imam Mahdi (The Promised Savior) and Jesus Christ are alive and will return in holy time.
Time to realize Christianity has no influence in the US. This ‘Christian’ nation you adore so much armed &amp; equipped radical islamists who want death to all nonbelievers &amp; support their attempt to topple the last remaining Christian enclave in the middle east; Syria.
That I call you delusional means I am kind to you. One thing we have found is that the Muslims have no history, no knowledge, some idiot tell you and you jump. Do you even know any history? The Jewish religion is more than 3,700 years old. Your religion is 1,600 years old.
Did Nazis invented swastik ? If yes than u accept that Quran , used by isis to influence and recruit Terrorists is Now a taboo for All the muslims Then i think we shud also stop respecting your ISIS religion
U know your own history You are also victim of islamic terrorism , ur forefathers converted under sharp talwar
You must be kidding me. Now this idiot is pandering to Muslims to get their vote
@mutaSawwif If you don't like hate then you will have to rewrite half of the Quran.
wIsH pEoPlE rAiSed tHiS mUcH aWaREnEsS fOr aLl tHe MuSliMs DyInG tOo. Black Muslims do exist too you idiots
Hindi is not a national language Hindi was not national language & hindi will never be national language.There is not even any language called hindi it's just idiot idea to name urdu as hindi. so basically you guys took language of muslim&amp; renamed hindi using our devnagari script
@HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan Islam attacked and conquered 2/3 of Christianity before there were any crusades.
True that! If Hindus weren't tolerant then my friend not even a single idiot like u and them would have even existed. And also stop creating Hindu Muslim matter over here and better stay quiet if you cannot stand for any religion .
@teddyboylocsin @tweetybird2009 @PatVPeters Mohammed had people,who disagreed with him murdered. ISIS murders the same.
jis thali m khati ho osi m chedd krti ho .. this lady says that don't buy halal ... if u r buy halal u r contributes to islamic terrorism #RSS_Terrorism #Islamophobia_In_India @d_alsunnah @AlGhurair98 @LadyVelvet_HFQ @anubhavsinha @kunalkamra88 @thewire_in
Exactly. Tabhi Toh World M Sabhi Terrorist Organisation Muslim H....woh Sab Bhi Quran He Padhe the..Now They Are The One Who doesn't even know what humanity is.... Quran = Andhakar. You won't be able to see anything except Jihad
Such idiots should be jailed for their statements which incite innocent Muslims.. How cleverly she's trying to bring in the entire muslim community to the fold of the riot accused Tahir Hussain You are a blot to the society!!
Let me guess, you're a good Christian woman too. Am I right?
Because people like you and me are busy fighting each other proving who’s race is superior. You idiot it is high time that we muslim our our differences aside and back each other’s otherwise we will face even worse consequences
@obsurfer84 And today many Muslims are still worthless thugs that produce nothing. They are either rescued by oil money or try to steal.
@bradybaggett @LUVSHINECAFE Take a poll and see if 1/3 of Christians think gays should be killed.  If they do, Christianity should be banned
So what? Why are American so xenophobic Hahahaha. Guys! I like the right wing. Don't become idiots. Try to win Muslims. You are gonna need them. Because trump will lose in 2020 if he continues making others his enemy.
rather amazing that any #Republicans who continue to endorse/support this politician Would dare attempt claim either #Christian or #Conservative The most radical liberal recklessly presidential administrations to date and buoyed-up to remain in place by the #Republicans
Islamic Teachings: Islam preaches about care for humanity irrespective of religion or race. Those who carry out terrorist activities in the name of Islam or Jihad, are either deviated or working for their own greed by deviating low knowledge Muslims.
@ajwatamr @YRohaibani Coming from a scum bag that practices religious bigotry. http://t.co/vHY5tXvbfd
Bannon on Mueller: “Never send a marine to do a hit mans job.” Bannon, Mercer’s, ALEC, NRA, Koch’s, Russia, radical right wingers, Q, for profit Christians, racists, &amp; lobbyists, actual American traitors all support, use or protect Trump. Folks; we have a huge problem.
@buttercupashby @MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 The fact is that Mohammed was every bit as vile and sick as ISIS. He is their model.
9/11-you are insulting the dead South Park nailed it a bunch of pissed off muslims were responsible. Covid-Nope not man made. Moon Landing-Real, why would the soviets even agree it was real? Idiot. Pizzagate-Debunked, lmao not plausible. Qanon-troll.
Faithless Israelites: Don't force Judeo-Christian tradition onto me, but defend my homeland from radical Muslim terrorists while I accuse you of cultural imperialism and fighting wars for oil to support consumerism which I love that deconstructs traditional lifestyles.
If it's a liberal woman's body, and abortion is the issue, the woman has the right to choose because its her body. However, if it's a conservative Christian woman's body, they lose the right to decide what goes into their body when it comes to vaccines.
You know how there's 'Karen', we could have our own terms for Muslims: - Sadettin Kopek (from Dirilis Ertugrul) bad intentioned sell out - Dundar (from Kurulus Osman) well intentioned idiot
This is very wrong. How can you invite such an idiot person for discussion with The Tarek Fateh. There are so many other celebrities from Muslim community who are well educated and can give a meaning to a debate. At least have some respect for Fateh Saheb.
As an ordained minister who supports this president I say to @CTmagazine, read Ezekiel 34. Trump is going toe to toe w the radical, socialist, abortion pushing left and we finally have someone in the ring who will fight back! Trumo supports Christians and I support Trump #MAGA
You said you would defend her right to call for genocide against Muslims. So many regressive idiots.
An example you can take was the elephant incident in Kerala. RW idiot gang spread fake news that the attack was done in a muslim majority area by muslims and everyone started blaming Muslims. When it was found that it wasn't done by muslims, every RW hypocrite turned silent.
Chick-fil-A caves to Radical Left Bullies: The American Family Association (AFA) has created a petition that urges Chick-fil-A to return to its support of Christian ministries such as the Salvation Army. On Monday, Chick-fil-A anno…https://lnkd.in/gn-JaKT
Don't do #WhatAboutary idiot. Choose any #Madarsa of your choice and your timing, and raid it. You will not find lathis, swords or trishuls there I assure you unlike your #Shakhas. The government &amp; media efforts to #Demonize Muslims has converted Hindus into #RabidCommunalZombies
@Kaya786 @fai3an_H At least I don't follow pedophile prophets or believe in mythical creatures of fire called Jinn.
Pakistan is a real devilish & terrorist state of Islam responsible for massacre of billions of non Muslims, kidnapping &amp; raping of non Muslim women. Justifying all these misdeeds in name of Jihad. Pakistan is not a original or conquered state but a conspired state. No humanity
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Muslims rape and enslave 3000 Ezidi women who did nothing and you give me this?
Ohh blody idiots are also now adding videos. Common buddy you already know your limit in China. China restricted all Muslim in China to not have Beard and no mosque and no burkha. Coward always support coward and that's what you did.
Islam is a religion. Radical islamic terrorism is fomented by an organized militant group. An ideology can be the basis of terrorist groups. It isn’t a terrorist group on its own, as required to be slated a terrorist organization in U.S. you’re using semantics.
Argument---- *If Quran is perfect then how come there are many terrorists organization like ISIS, AL-QAEDA, Hezbollah, Boko haram Indian Mujahideen in different countries belonging to different ethnicities, interpreting Quran the wrong way...?? Coincidence...??? I don't think so
@michellemalkin @TwitchyTeam As usual, he will say that Islamist terrorism has nothing to do with Islam.
U want to say we need Jatka meat bcoz of Islamic Terrorism? Hindus have to invent a reason y they prefer Jatka meat. In our texts, bcoz animals cannot be killed slowly infusing it with stress hormones, we need animals killed in one stroke, Our ancestors prescribed it for us etc..
@obsurfer84 @teenage It's a guide for nothing. It's Islam's claims of the laws of god.  And Islam's god is a terrorist. Islam's prophet too.
RT @MaguidhirP: @Juliet777777 @GROGParty Socialists and Moslems - working together to destroy Australia.
#BringBackPayal @TwitterIndia u ar biased towards islamic terrorism
Islam respect all of the religions I have a verse from Quran to show you. The juziya was a kind of Tex and it is removed And yes we oppose all of the terrorist org like isis Al qadeda all of them except the...
What happened in Gujarat was retaliation & those who started the riots, deserved the retribution. I'm asking you again, is there a word like RSS terrorism which like Islamic terrorism, has been coined globally? U ppl r notorious for your terrorist activities 1/2
Dear Muslim Brothers, Before Writing Any Statement Against Jesus Christ, Don't Forget That He Was Our Prophet Too. SO Disrespecting Him For The Mistake A An Idiot Means You Are Disrespecting Our Prophet And Religion.
@luke_parker777 good for you for standing up for Jesus and being against sex before marriage! I am a christian woman in a wonderful marriage and it means a lot seeing you stand up for what is right! #JESUSIsRisen
Hindutva never supports violence. We will never initiate. But remember, if u start, we will be the ones who will end it. Gujarat riots were initiated by you and u say that India doesn't suffer from Islamic terrorism? U really have less knowledge or I think u are also brainwashed.
Takleef to tujhe 370 hatane ki h..... Seedhe bol na... U bigot..... You ppl never complained the Arabs about the terrorist that pakistan is infiltrating in India??? You ppl will never do this because terrorists have religion and it's radical Islamic terrorism!!!
Somesh,might have got the dates wrong but every butthurt on this thread has assumed that he is targeting Muslims. Every Idiot who is questioning the relevance of Ram Mandir, don’t you realise that mosques and churches are also being built currently?
@AAlwuhaib1977 @dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ Her very actions are proof that she is a liar and a propagandist, because if she did to Hamas what ..
Idiots the lot of them, they think Islam is all about "social justice"; the Prophetic traditions allows for you to defend your wealth and property and if you die defending it you die the death of a martyr (Sahih Muslim). Considering she has 'pronouns' in her bio, its expected.
Ohh so you are planing to return this land to Muslim's, because it was grabbed forcefully in independent India. You really think this politicians will let it happen.
@buellerishere @KellyTurner99 The Muslim citizens of Raqqa enjoying a peaceful day of beating three men to death. http://t.co/ki4tdL3IDR
Never seen u criticize radical islam... Islamic terrorism which has infected the whole world... U never talk about that.... R u scared... If u talk openly about that.... They might attack you???
You idiot who are killing in whole world shouting Allah hu akbar Why do Rohingya suwars and other muslims enter India illegally In 1990 lakhs of Kashmiri Pandits were killed..raped brutally by Kashmiri Suwars When less in numbers they follow secularism and human rights
That’s fine, upstanding “Christian” woman right there! @seanhannity what do you say?
Burning the whole nation down isn't disservice? Source of Corona in India was that event in Markaz and when they were caught those idiots were hiding like anything. India is because of muslims?? Lol, where did you learn this? Markaz? Even maulanas would laugh if they see this
and before you name shame me or call me congressi or muslim or Pakistani let me tell you that I don't support any political leader/party to me both Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi incompetent idiots, so yeah there's that Do reply if you have strong evidence to support your claims
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia - fear of this. http://t.co/MTgDmZGhSQ
NOOOOOO !!! JESUS SAVE U.S.A AND LAS AMERICAS LAND FROM EVIL @HillaryClinton @HouseDemocrats @JoeBiden @BarackObama @Ilhan @AOC @MichelleObama @georgesoros STOPNEO-MARXIST,COMUNISM, STOP HITLER IDEAS,STOP ISLAMIC TERRORISM STOP HATE THIS IS NO GOOD
By Allah, I am a Muslim Communist, and I am telling you now to leave my Armenian friend alone! Stop being a useful idiot for the s and side with the gentile proletariat instead!
Another Idiot ...is India really Full of them. It's has nothing to do with BJP / CONgress or Hindu-Muslim, it's about Rich/Poor. You all are so uneducated , but literate .
Would be very interesting to know if the Radical Left would want religiously persecuted Christians to resist an *actually* oppressive, tyrannical gov... Their support of China, arresting of pastors, and hatred of God and Truth would suggest absolutely not. Wretched and wicked.
Ohhh!! To keep peace continue in in the whole world,in few years many of South Indian human join a very piece full organisation ISIS! you gullible South Indian don't knows whatever written in world only terrorist book Quran! Go and study it first.
YOU’RE CORRECT! THE FACT IS, DEM PARTY HAS BEEN IN BED WITH RADICAL ISLAM FOR YEARS! WHICH EXPLAINS THEIR BACKING AND PROTECTING THEM, AT EVERY TURN! DEMS BAD MOUTH CHRISTIANS AND SUPPORT MUSLEMS ON EVERY LEVEL! OBAMA TIED OUR MILITARIES HANDS &amp; BETRAYED THEM OPENLY!
A party who decided whites and Christians are the devil and wants them gone so they have a clear route to communism/radical Islam still gets anyone's support? They are racist as hell!
Sorry ma. But you should know that in Islam women don't much right not to talk of when you are a Christian woman with a Muslim master
@yuskan0723 Here is a map of Israel inside all of the Muslim nations that want to destroy Israel and murder them. http://t.co/SRrWKSAQXI
Are you trying to rhyme? You sound like an idiot. You think you're so white and different, but you're no different from these Christians, Muslims, communists and all of these people. Get stuffed!
Idiot portal handler if it was anti Hindu riot how come Muslims died in the riots? Have some common sense which is very uncommon to you.
My guy called me a waffler, bigman look at urself first. Like who tf asked u to reply. The main point was that guy blamed 'islamic terrorism' when the killer of that girl was an insane albanian person that had mental issues
@BlackGirlTia This is a list of lies and baloney that you are presenting.  It has zero to do with the Quran and Hadiths.
Drew Brees' wife, Brittany, apologizes: 'We are the problem' https://www.foxnews.com/sports/drew-brees-wife-brittany-apologizes-we-are-the-problem -unbelievable you not "we"it was it was ISALM &amp; the Muslims that sold africans into slavery not whites, the whites of the Democratic party of idiot -
Alhumdulliah i am muslim. And i support syria. But brother ALLAH said in Quran they have hatred in their hearts for muslims. Russia is not idiot that he will spend billion dollars on you guys without interest. You people are poor because of Asad
@Dawlah__account @munthir555 Let's stop pretending and get the war between the Islamolunatics and the rest of the world started now.
BLACK!! MUSLIMS!! EXIST!! YOU!! IDIOT!!
RT @b_kisan: @TRobinsonNewEra Same country where conversion away from Islam is illegal.....one way street and a slow wiping out of non-Musl…
President Trump is like you Mel when you were young and didn't take "CRAP" from anyone .. He needs your support its the Radical Christian thing to do .. We maybe followers of Christ but were definitely NOT doormats for the WORLD to Walk upon.
People are dying in islamic state too. That happens when u try creating islamic state. The whole world is against radical islamic terrorism.
Also, I am a southern Christian woman, I have no need to lie to anybody, it's just not the right way to live one's life. You are accusing me of doing something that you, yourself are capable of doing.
@SirajZarook Mo expelled two Jewish tribes from Medina and stole their property.  The third tribe he beheaded all the men, enslaved the rest
Trump wants us completely out of Middle East, and we shouldn’t be killing Muslims for nothing. This should be a good thing this shows Democrats are complete idiots,but the Bernie bros I like most of you.
Are you an idiot or something? Did i say they were not indians? Yes we were indians, yes this land where i am once was called india. So what? What has this got to do with current situation? If i want i could had replied your india was ruled by muslims but i dont talk nonsense.
I’m gonna leave this right here for you. Take your time reading what the good Christian woman tweeted
They continue to find nothing on all your conspiracy theories and the one person they keep finding dirt on is the president. You know trump is a life long liberal right? You know he’s lied and cheated his whole life? I guess next you’ll tell us you’re a good Christian woman?
@ginnysimmons @femfreq Who cares? The only issue is are they guilt or innocent.  All the rest is race baiting by assholes like you.
@IAmThe1Teacher You can preach coexistence all you want.  To Islamist you are just a useful idiot.
Somalis aren’t black. So many Arabs and Asians have dark skin! Having dark skin doesn’t mean you black you idiot
mosque should remain a cathedral same way the Palestinian mosque should remain mosques only an idiotic biased turk would not understand that, or some pro muslim idiot who poorly represents his own religion. Which in both cases it's a shame because you only reinforce a stereotype.
Oh idiot! What are the chances for those 30 %. This is the problem of our country, demonizing a whole community for a single idiots nonsense act. Can the National Commission of Minorities act on this ? No!! Imagine the outrage if you replace the word "Muslim" with --------
Hell no, isnt it clear rigormortus has already set in on them? They are drones who care only about their money, (and nra and the crazy radical "anti Christian" churches. Who support/fund them ) #SaveTheWorld #TrumpFailedAmerica
@birdSTL @MurdaMookez How can Palestine be free when it is ruled by Islamofascists that behead gays,practice honor killing,murder opposition
So the idiots out there who are white represent you and give you a bad name. But the muslims who have been raping white children for 20+ years don't represent other muslims or give them a bad name? How'd you puzzle that one out? Both statements contradict each other logically.
We need to all come together, black and white, Muslim and Christian. These divisions are both hurtful and diversionary. The enemy is Coronavirus. That's what our attention should be directed to. You always have idiots in this world.
@NNdabbour64 All the Christians and Ezidis that are told to leave or convert or die are forced.
So y'all that support this, what God do you follow now? Because whatever you follow, it ain't a Christian one. May God have mercy on your soul because you're going to need it.
What do indian muslims have to do with this idiots statements........? you should be ashamed of yourself for saying something like that about fellow Indians.
If you think Eidh is a celebration of a Kill then u are an ignorant idiot. Btw Christian, Jewish and Muslim holy books recognise the occasion of Bakrid and the same tale is told in each of these holy texts.
Why don't western media outlets report these crimes? Could it be radical leftists want to fool #Christian conservatives into supporting whitewashed Islamic jihadist terrorists so they can profit by regime change? Are you Christian if you support that
Don't believe propaganda, only idiots believe everything what they heard, we will open Ayasofya and you watch it on TV, your politician talk about it too much, but Muslims will pray inside it. Because Ayasofya is belong to Muslim and you should get used to live with this realty
I don't support any of them. EU propaganda is rife. We don't need to remain. There's no mandate to remain. If you want radical change in this country, it can't come inside the EU. Also, stop posing as a socialist when you're a liberal.
You are absolutely right. In addition, he got married to a Christian woman called Maria! This clearly indicates how tolerant he was to Christians.
Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists can't hv Political-Religious-Educational+RIGHTS&gt;they r Invaders-Traitors-Predators-Barbarians conspiring Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD against Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity Hindusthani-Muslims r those who Accept-Respect-Protect Sanatan Sanskriti
There is terrible comments from last night and over time as I delve further into this sectarianism can you imagine if social media didn’t exist? These SELECT FEW idiots, on both sides, wouldn’t have the opportunity to disunite MUSLIMS. I’m done for the day
Another indoctrinated fool who can’t see the bias transparencies within the MSM. It has been there long before Trump, who exposed it & the corruption. Yet People are too stupid to see it! No wonder Muslims are slipping in easily! Idiots like you will be the destruction of the US
@MichelleObama a girl will fight for her own way, while a Christian woman will contend for the faith. The girls try sin, get hurt and join Pink in the gay march. Harris wraps in a rainbow. Y'all ain't right.
@zh_ha89 Had nothing to do with Islam. Mohammed's first wife was a rich merchant before Islam.
If one speaks bad about the muslim you will pay! Idiots! Twitter Verification Purge Targets Mediaite Journalist Who Reported on Obama Spying https://www.breitbart.com/tech/2020/05/25/twitter-verification-purge-targets-mediaite-journalist-who-reported-on-obama-spying/ via @BreitbartNews
To everyone on here using the terminology Oromo Muslim extremists. Save it! We all know why you are using those term. The word extremist and Muslims in the same sentence Equates to fear. Not all Oromos are Muslim you idiots! Check your narrative!!
Did you see the 1st comment? He is trying to instigate Hindus &amp; Muslims in India. Treat Oli like an idiot &amp; don't pay attention to him. When you don't pay heed to someone it irritates them the most, they lose importance. Best policy.
You ever notice obama called USA a "muslim nation" and funded the muslim brotherhood wherever he found them and has you idiots cheering for a nuclear Iran and making excuses for how he released the leader of ISIS.... and the fake news loved it...
Humanity Murdered,Bombed,Destroyed &amp; Destructed only by 1400 Yrs Mohammed Quran Pig Reproducing Radical Islamic Muslims Jihad, Fidayeen Terrorists &amp; caliphate Sharia Insucceration. I will Never ever say &amp; be Sorry. I mean it. I stand by this. BTW - I am Not Sanghi. Judge Mental.
ISIS and more than 100 other terrorists organization seems to disparage with you prophet Mohammed(PUBH) seems to disagree with you. quran and hadiths seems to also disagree with you most Muslim majority countries and and Muslim scholar also seems to disagree with you.
One of them was an Oxford educated Muslim JOURNALIST "Maulana Mohammed Ali Johar". who along with his brother Shaukat Ali became prominent names in the struggle for the creation of . And here you are with absolutely zero knowledge of history. An Absolute IDIOT on S-Media.True
Dear Brother,Even if it is Jihadi, its sin agst humanity,nd Jihad is nt at killing,if some1 is dng it theh r not jihadis they are terrorists
That's hilarious if you are not Christian then you are worshipping Satan lol you are connected to illuminati freemasonry blah blah... Muslims also believes that if you do not believe in our imaginary Allah and do not have faith in idiot Mohammad then you are Kaffir lol
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Do you think the yokels at Salon know that Mohammed was a slave trader who owned 28 slaves? Not a chance. #Islam
Anirban you stupid under mamata regime hundreds of BJP workers killed,now including a sitting MLA what a great state, great democracy in WB. Where is intellectuals, liberals,stupid awardwapsee brigade and suedos, not worried bcz BJP MLA is killed not a muslim.Anirban u r a idiot.
@AmandaSheils1 @Colonel_Shami The prophet Mohammed was a big murderer. He once beheaded 600 Jews in one day. ISIS does what he did.
Pewdiepie has become a bit of a Pr#ck... the way he spoke on his last video was pathetic... pandering to Muslim culture will be the start of the end. I use to watch him all the time, im defo going to take a timeout from his Stuff now. #pewdiepie why are you becoming an idiot?
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Read Ibn Warraq on the treatement of Jews and other minorities in Muslim history.
You shouldn’t be calling another Muslim an idiot, astagfirullah
With all due respect akh, you are a rammed idiot!!! We as Muslims take the lesser of two evils. He could've spoken to her about her behaviour afterwards. If that were my relative, he would've gotten 'dealt' with.
@alihadi68 @MaxBlumenthal @rudoren @nytimes So asshole Muslims reserve the right to act like animals and scream like women when other do it.
U,bhusan,hav only 1eye whch sees hindu hegemonists who r product of islamic terrorism n policy of outnumbering hindus by giving unabated birth 2 children in India.pple like Tharoor pointed his fingers 2 bth d vices.U only betrayd d cuntry by nt advising 2 change minority mindset
He sounds like converted christians, busy peddling lies day after day. Converted christians keep their Hindu names to fool others. Their hatred for Hinduism is even more visible than muslims'. Pesty idiots they are. It won't help him even if you spend whole life explaining.
Invaders-Predators-Barbarians Muslims-Jihadis-Terrorists r BLEEDING Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity since 1000+ years&gt; Now carried forward by Converted HINDUS, Halala Haram Paidaish Ppl For CONSPIRING Ghazwa-e-Hind JIHAD&gt; Ethnic-Religious-War Al-Taqiya &gt;VICTIM Cards r EXPIRED
U have all answers in my previous tweet and not diverting things like u..many from kashmir affected due to POK army firing. no need to worry about u.ask ur fool army to stop terrorism and firing until then u get response from us.Don't cry, islamic terrorism will take care of u.
Modi is the killer of humanity. Now is the time for Jihad against Modi and terrorists @TeamLC_Pakistan #KashmirIsPakistan
I have 3 word for u.. "ridiculous Islamic terrorism"
I'm gonna tell you something mate, as a result of anti-Islam Hindus and Sikhs have been beaten up by anti-Islam chavs, on the presumption of them being Muslim, if you support that, then you have no problem seeing your fellow Hindus beaten up as idiots thought they were muslim
RT @PhxKen: SIR WINSTON CHURCHHILL: "ISLAM IS A DANGEROUS IN A MAN AS RABIES IN A DOG" http://t.co/kCXgKD70SK
UK will also become muslim country in next few decades. Continue prasing and appeasing them you idiots not u david. And many are here also in india.
christians,sikhs even Dalits hate Muslim Sometimes,ore than they hate Hindus ...isn’t that the very basic reason why they don’t ally Strongly also Muslims aren’t 300 million..which suggests you r idiot
RT @WolfSpirit2013: Cheikh Ould M’Kheitir sentenced to death for “apostasy” in #Mauritania This is #ShariaLaw #cpc http://t.co/7opotzqpBi h…
U can't speak who was given a BIG land and 65 crores of rupees to keep his mouth shut in 1947. Since then it's all terrorism they could grow. Dumb shit, it's forced occupation of Kashmir by terrorists, it was all peace there before Islamic terrorism marked it's step in Kashmir.
@_Jihad10 @Rayandawlah_ Muslims have these delusions about producing Algebra. But many others beat them to it. http://t.co/AsMiQZFvAG
Do you know, Dreaded Terrorist, ISIS Head, Abu Baqar Al Baghdadi was a PH.D. holder in 'Studies of Quran' from Baghdad University ?
RT @sudixitca: Muhammad was the inventor of thighing. He started molesting Aisha when she was 6 years old. @Shahzadadeindia cc: @TarekFatah
Yes, only because it’s a fact. Obama was born in Kenya as a Radical Muslim founder of ISIS, while simultaneously being a Radical Christian follower of Jeremiah Wright. He choose to reside in Chicago to support MS-13, then moved to DC, after it got out of hand.
When did i say that i promote war i have always said that it's the public and soldiers who always suffers and leave pakistan out of it they r beggers and there main job is to promote radical Islamic terrorism
Jihadists rape, stone Christian woman to death in Syria https://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Jihadists-stone-Christian-woman-to-death-in-Syria-595978 Why is it that men feel they have the right to treat women this way? It is an age old custom that must be eradicated from the male psyche
No you idiot, because as a Mecca Madina is sacred to Muslims, Vatican is important to Christans, Jerusalem to Jews, so is Ayodhya of Shri Ram for Hindus! The way we don’t challenge other religions holiness of place, you sold out fake liberals stop challenging Ayodhya to us.
Mate if you don’t get the joke, you don’t get it. It’s making fun of right wingers calling for statues of Muhammed to be pulled down in an attempt to challenge the statue protesters and upset Muslims. The punch line is the creative way it indirectly suggests they’re idiots.
@BenjaminNorton @uygaraktas Considering the endless stream of murders against minorities by Muslims, who cares.
Targeting Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorists does not make you a psychopath but a righteous person who will earn a lot of respect. His battle is our battle and the battle of humanity against evil and terrorism, look in the mirror Walid and you will find a psychopath
You ARE THE BIGGEST IDIOT in THIS UNIVERSE to say that Triple Talaq was anti-Muslim. It was just pro-women, and your mentality is highlighted by this tweet of yours. Article 370 was to give the ppl of JnK a chance to save themselves from TERRORISM, not a propaganda against Muslim
Well, ya, that's true if you ignore the Greeks, Romans, Egyptians, Muslims and virtually every other civilization. 5 minutes on Google would have kept you from looking like an idiot. You should try it before posting next time.
@NomCookiesNom Why is it that no other religions have statistics that are even close in the production of terrorism.
.. confusing "race" or "enemy status" with religion. To suggest that an ethnically appropriate person who practices Islam can't marry an ethnically pure Christian woman if they are tribally appropriate and convert as they prefer is a denial of their human rights.
Yeah so she's right? You sound like an idiot. Her point is that 9/11 led to discrimination because "some people did something" but a much wider group of people (all muslims) were persecuted for it.
@DawlatnaMansura The next step in warfare is the ground drone. A robot that will walk up to the Jihadi and blow out his brains.
I apologize to those of you who are making them realize their responsibilities and hope that they will solve the problems of the Muslim world, then you and all of us, the Muslim Ummah, live in the paradise of idiots. Just a few years after the founding of the @UN, two 1/4
Update: A brave Christian woman in Iran speaks Pray Mary continues to courageously stand up for the rights of Christians in Iran. #WomensDay #DiaInternacionalDeLaMujer https://www.opendoorsusa.org/prayerapp
Idiot no comparison he never used the name of islam or whatever to killed innocent childrens and muslims but the earlier ( shias militias) did you are ignorant atleast have some sense before posting they are corrupt head of state thats it
When terrorists are killed Isis Hamas or Islamic Jihad, there is a kid of internal satisfaction as there are fewer evil people, anyone who kills these type of terrorists is a hero for humanity
When ppl say you hate all the Muslim players at our football club but then you love mahrez Too many idiots on this platform But congrats on the first class honours Inshallah I could get there in a few yrs with my accountant degree
But I don't disagree . Being RADICAL does not discriminate. I support Muslims, Christian's, Jews and ANY other people or religion that.USE their religion responsibly.
RT @deegy2: Islam is a religion of hate, violence, and deceit. http://t.co/53PbSh0rf2
The things they call "Jihad" we call crimes against humanity. They're murders, terrorists, not saints or religious... #Islam
Eliminate Islamic Jihad terrorists and their supporters and promoters before its too late...to save the Humanity
RT @peddoc63: Not High horse🐎high alert⚠ ️Will Obama defend Christianity &amp; America or just ISLAM♨️@RedNationRising @gmiller1952 http://t.co…
@levantin47415 ROFL. In your dreams Daeshbag.
i can find one.... Its not about against muslim... it about thinking.....You all idiots are just a pool of haters.... If you think he is not writing against muslim... But he is even not writing against ANY religion.....be a right or left... But before that.. Stop ur hate
I want to put Grasta on the table for a moon! It means grace in Gaelic. I am an Irish American Christian woman. I have the word tattooed on my right foot. I was a ballerina and my left is injured so my right is all the grace left. I also named my dog, who passed last year, Gracie
It was bought by Sultah Fateh, how do you disown a property belonging to Muslims? Idiots.
#Idiot you mean to say there are GANGSTERS, EXTREMISTS, FUNDAMENTALISTS, MERCILESS KILLERS but not #TERRORISTS because that is reserved for MUSLIMS. Ask 10 people or 5 armed #Policemen to raid Vikas Dube's DEN, they will PEE in their pants. This is how we define #Terrorism idiot.
Get well soon sir. Will miss u in debate against anti india and islamic terrorism. #SambitPatra
Russia from Lenin and Muslims in Middle East have the money not the francs and Italy who invaded turkey idiot.. they also invade turkey if you don’t know.. have a little brain then speak. Little Greek was going to take turkey huh? The country who was governed by turks, ha ha :)
@shaunking we need to send you to the bottom of the Siberian Ocean where you belong you damn commy. You must be one of those idiots who think Jews are Arabs. Please show me anyone in Israel besides Muslims that arent white. Hate to break it to you but skin pigment isnt just
I saw u claiming Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with islam.that was my point of debate .
she was saying 10th main padte hai not like in POK jo jihad ke liye terrorist camps main train hote hai. yes, they are suffering in past but no more now Pakistan can not propagate hate using Islam. it's over for Pakistan. humanity will prevail in India and the world.
Sack Them All ,They Are Terrorist Extra Extreme Left China Iran Jihad Nexus. Europe Stop US Flights,Check All Europeans In US. They are leftist so they hide easily too with their original identity. Trump Sir Is Need Of World. He Save Humanity &amp; Punish Anarchy's.
“Radical Left nonbeliever”— I’d bet you’re a nonbeliever yourself. Only reason you’re acting Christian is so you don’t lose Evangelical votes. You definitely aren’t Christian. If you were you wouldn’t so easily say someone that doesn’t support you is in hell.
@IAmThe1Teacher @IronmanL1 @stevecorrales80 And yet it is a law of Islam and 1/3 of Muslims support that law. But you tell me to tolerate em
Who in their right mind would pay her? Or to even actually taste her GUMBO? She's a joke! Calling everyone Boo &amp; trying to morally judge others while staking the claim that she's a "Christian woman" after all the crap she pulled as the DNC chair &amp; Bernie's Primary w/Hilderbeast?
Nice try! Try harder to trivialise islamic terrorism... World is watchg. U can't fool forevr. Ekam sat viprah bahudha vidanthihi !! But that doesn't mean terrorists don't hv relign..nor it means all religns are alike. Dharma is not static, its fluidic ,but books r not @TIinExile
ppl think “free palestine” means “i hate jews” pls ur dumb if you think that. ones a country ones a religion &amp; ppl who are pro-isr**l think its jewish vs muslim like no idiot why would i be against a religion ? im against the COUNTRY. not every1 in the country is jewish luv.
And U r a agent of Islamic terrorism...
2. Anti-Christian, anti-Semitist and illegal immigrants as those they represent! Dems have chosen to accept RADICAL ISLAMIC, sharia law followers as their "path to the White House!" Over Americans of all races, faiths, sexuality standings! IF YOU SUPPORT PRES TRUMP? YOU ARE THE..
Did I explain it right? The Christian woman didn't block me, the atheist did.
@RaniaKhalek @MaxBlumenthal @NickKristof Muslim bigots constantly create confrontations and then whine to the world about results.
My question to you Mr @ashutosh83B Why he has not adopted any other dharma like Muslim, Christianity etc... Can you please explain... If not then, please don't write such kind of pathetic post Idiot
@ALWiss5 Guys in Guantanamo are militants captured in war.  People in ISIS cages are women and children, microbrain.
All 3 are rabid hindu hating bigots. @SpeakerPelosi @JoeBiden @TomPerez @DNC get ur act together &amp; not let these 3 be the face of ur party. U already hv bigots @RepJayapal @tedlieu @IlhanMN @aoc @BernieSanders who also love &amp; islamic terrorism
Most of the country of world now against Islamic terrorism . Slowly slowly all muslim country will be destroyed by powerful country. Observe the news trend. It started. Pakistan, China is in hit list along with Iran. As u people ruled India soon we will ruled pakistan.
You’re the idiot making generalizations about Muslims watching porn LOL I’m literally from a Muslim country there aren’t many free VPNS I’ve been to several Muslim countries too porn is not easy to access most consumers of it are in western countries the statistics prove it
just due to ethnicity, doesn’t mean to shut someone up, everyone has their opinions. i don’t support racist people or their actions. I support people being treated right, I am a christian woman, there is no place for me to judge or criticize someone else.
Idiot if she support BJP for national security, then how she is against Muslims. People like you are shame even in muslim community. Muslims are also patriots in country.
@Politics_PR @FoxNews Islamic no go zones are common knowledge except to idiots like you. http://t.co/dBRMAzGlyF
So what, in arabian muslim countries they drink camel urine. Is it gift for the muslim world? Terrorism is your gift to the world, all believe that. No one believes that urine cures cancer except you. You only listen to some blinking idiots as you resonate with their frequency.
Yeah...and..weren't you the same ones horrified when Trump suggested the same thing about Muslims? I know let's start a database of idiots and you can b first.
Equal rights are not special rights, or have you forgotten that even white Christian woman couldn’t vote 100 years ago.
Is Twitter Haraam or Halaal ? Haraam ki paidaesh are in every community : 911 #terrorists 2611 Terrorists SIMI ISIS Bhatkals HuJI JeM #AlQaeda #BokoHaram #Taliban who consider 72% humanity as Kafirs and launch jihad on innocents and unarmed
I pray to God that You are a Christian woman and are doing the right thing for Alabamians! I pray that God is involved in these decisions that you're single handedly making. We voted you back in out of trust. We expect that you are speaking for the people, not for ANYTHING other!
Bsdk, these festivals are being celebrated since many years. Before your Muslims comes to my Bharat. And there's nothing pollution but, For you idiots it's oky when Bl00d of innocent Animals flows on roads even on a single festival. Festivals will continue. Kya ukadna ukadlo.
Do not talk like an idiot. You thought hindus wil keep quiet like before. Take this as a warning not 2 play games. Will a muslim agree 2 majid 2 b called a temple? Dat speaks of uridiosy. Like I said before start by giving all urblack money asdonation 2 start with &amp; then defend.
This chart is for those stupid rss hindutwaa idiots who think india is superpower and they can conquer whole muslim world look at the money muslim world is paying you for your services #stopabusingmuslims
Says some idiot who follows Katie Hopkins! Grow up you silly man! I have done a 3 years degree on British Colonial past &amp; do know a thing or two about this. She is a Muslim and married a sex trader! what does that tell you. She is neither a Muslim nor someone who speaks for BAEM
@biebervalue @greenlinerzjm Here is the Quran telling women not to leave their house. http://t.co/KlxIwZF7md
Yes. ISIS terrorists use original verses from Quran. Will make a video on the topic after completing the current series.
@hahellyer True. Stoning and beheading were much more to Mohammed's taste.
Exactly my point. You are demonising the whole community because of the act of the idiots who believe in such supremacy. It's the same way we don't demonise Muslims for the terrorism acts of the few. Brahmin supremacy, Janeu Terrosim and what not. It is right to point out wrongs
You idiots raise such points purposefully to hurt national integrity.. Till date i have never heard any Muslim felt offended due to Ram Mandir verdict. So why reacting Irresponsibiliy??
#KAG2020 FACT and McCain et al supported that stupidity. The only one protecting the Christians was Assad's government. The Christians had to support Assad or suffer Islamic radical genocide, forced conversion, then slavery. NYT &amp; WaPo need to be rejected outright for their lies
@ANCALERTS muslims learned anything? Is it good for humanity? Terrorists only learn things to: kill d kuffars &amp; subjugate them #jihad #bbl
You will only find such Idiots in Hinduism,(sorry It is a fact). So you are a Buddhist as well a Hindu? It really shows how low you people are as far as religions are concerned,Do respect other religions, how many bhudhists Muslims etc you have seen saying I am a Hindu as well?
Islam never teach for country wellness only teach how to kill kafirs only that's why we r watching ISIS terrorist holding one hand quran another bomb. Funds coming from ISIS too in India. U know better who r fund receivers.
I don’t think I would have been alive if my great grandmother didn’t survive this in Kerala. These idiots thinking it was a rebellion. You assholes call it what it is. A fucking HINDU GENOCIDE. I’m a proud Malayalee Hindu. I don’t agree with Muslims trying to shit on our pain!!!!
"I'm a Christian" -- Taylor Swift "I am a Christian woman" -- Lady Gaga This is a good reminder that it's powerful for progressive Christians to speak up -- even if it means making CBN angry. We can't cede Jesus to the religious right.
RT @LiarMPs: Labour councillors in Rotherham left vulnerable girls in the hands of KNOWN paedos and doing nothing for fear of being racist!…
The virus spread that has killed 102,000 citizens came from europe.. You closed some of china and 5 Muslim countries but let almost 3 million people enter the us from Europe before you limited them.. Your incompetence has caused an extra 25,000 deaths because you're an idiot.
RT @sneekinsneekout: @Madasatrain69 @OZzSue @Muslim_Patrol Being nice 2 islam is like hugging a serial killer and thinking he will stop bur…
I WILL NOT return to .@ChickfilA after today. YES, I love their food &amp; customer service. BUT, I’m taking a STAND that THEY could NOT!! I WON’T support .@ChickfilA as long as it sacrifices its #Christian beliefs; caves to the radical #leftists. #Conviction #MAGA #QAnon #WWG1WGA
@jgopikrishnan70 @Swamy39 I challenge Anti-Hindu CONGrass crooks to take over all the funds, foreign donations received by Christian missionaries, churches, Muslim organisations, mosques in India. Who the heck are you idiot, to touch our Hindu Temple funds?
@RTUKnews An Islamist human rights group? LOL. Now there is a contradiction in terms.
Thank you so much. I guessed there are lots of idiots wearing that toga of sheikhs, misleading the undecerning in the world and painting the Muslim faith in a bad color.
That’s one of trump’s oldest lies, spoken right out by a “Christian woman” who said she’d never lie.
Ohh bada aaya respect vala..when Muslims had tested positive you peoples drag the issues for TRP..go to hell you peoples are the most affected virus in our country..leave journalism and come I will show you what is the exact condition of middle people..idiot.
Yeah, Hindus don't cow-lynch, it must be ghosts then!?! Clever! You hav2 be an idiot not2 recognise tht international organisations hav officially declared india as a Nazi state after observing intolerance for minority religions! When u lynch a Dalit, wht chance ds a Muslim have!
And the otherwise Atheists , now support radical Christians . How does that compute , are they Christian now that they found a faction they like or is it just more Hypocrisy Maybe that second thing, ya think
@drewbrees didn’t support @Kaepernick7 in his protests and more recently supports radical Christian organizations that conduct gay conversion therapy. Toothless.
I’m a homeschooling, Christian, veteran grandmother (hardly the radical left) and I want you to resign for your active support and enabling of the stupidest, most selfish, most immoral president in history! I used to think you were a decent human being. No more.
@MuhammedSajjad @MaxBlumenthal Blumenthal fights for Palestine which has no freedom of speech, has honor killings, and beheads gays.
@ilhaam673 Just because I have no religion does't mean that I don't want to stop Islam from murdering. http://t.co/9KTe08yrfk
I am not muslim idiot. Why don't you take the other half of Kashmir if you won all the war? You can only invade little country like Sikkim, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, or Nepal, not even Pakistan.
If you think I support congress you are wrong. If you think I'm a Muslim you are wrong. If you think Swamy states fact, you are wrong again. He believes Ravan was bhramin from Noida. Swamy believes Jesus followed Hinduism. You are blinded by religion, that's why u support idiots
Naxal & Maoist are localized terrorists. But you know International terrorism,Jihad &amp; killing of humanity in the name of religion is patented to only one community.
You do know its anti fascism right? Just like the radical trump supporters all groups have them. All Muslims aint jihadist all Christians aint like Westboro idiots and so on.
Well even if you are angry, you gotta do the right thing. Even hindus have lynched a lot of Muslims and I am aware of the fact. But I don't criticise Hindus or any other community. Bajrang dal sprayed a pregnant Christian woman with petrol. I hold them guilty. Not all hindus.
What an idiotic construction.. Ure totally desperate in your babbling.. All opinions, assumptions.. China actually stopped jihadi terrorism with its re education programs.. No terrorist attacks since 2016..is that what u want? More Islamic terrorism? Go to idlib
you can have non muslim friends and still be on your deen... idiots
RT @nobigotry: Islam is in the news EVERYDAY. Not for good works but for it's Savage Evil ! http://t.co/HIjGYq5Ga1
You dare to talk loose becuase we hindus r not animals unlike you guys. Can any hindu talk rubbish in a cntry where muslims r in majority?... But idiots like u r free to do so here in India. Do you know why? Bec of the very same religion whose fun u guys love to make.
Assuming the facts are on your side in the first place Brother if you refer to Muslims as “idiots, stupid” you will divide our hearts. Trust me they will attack you back. As soon as someone disagrees “get educated OR I know this better” comments are so far from Quraan
You must realize how abdul kalam was treated by fellow Muslims. For them as he as good as kafir for visiting temples, reading Gita and playing musical instruments. Exceptions don’t constitute a rule and Muslims take the name of Abdul kalam to fool and subdue idiots like you.
So you’re saying Muslims need to study all the above to be Muslim... so we haven’t really got 1.6 billion Muslims, Sarr you calling them I useful idiots to swell the numbers?
I officially declare that CAIR condemn Christian radical #Crusaderism as it is a huge topic right now. No more of these massacres. Everyone should support human rights organization like these to defend from #Trumpler extremism and the #Trumpanzees
I’m going to leave this convo here because Wallahi Allah knows my intention. If you want me to explain further I’d happily talk to you on dm because now there’s just ex Muslim idiots coming in here to disrespect Islam and im not here for that
@watan71969 @geeky_zekey And looking at your page, I can see that you are in the business of photoshopping images, Islamist cocksucker.
how much will you support anti-Hindu anti-India acts under garb of rules @Twitter ? why is it difficult to protect a dharma under attack by radical christians islamiats commies leftists and woke liberals?
Nice work. Ignorance is bliss and this country is overloaded with lefty idiots. Do the maths: 25 million people. No guns. China hates us and Indonesia of 75 million Muslims on the doorstep. China can parachute enough army to take us over in hours. Would feel safer if you F.O.
..I agree with you 1000% paul,...these BLM idiots fo not represent me or my outlook on life because of one thing,..I know the history,..these people should be thankful theyve been born in the west,the UK...the epicentre of racism towards black people is in North Africa by muslims
This way U need to present good characters not like Modi AmitShah AjitDevel Butchers Yogi Idiots, will these inspire n stop Dalits to becoming Muslim you can't get anything from Muslim even can't stop this TREND. Bcuz BJP RSS has no Characters. Secondly this is not 1971 Wake-up
Idiot people be like damn Sammy Davis Jr. so wants to be white he adopted the Jewish religion. Oh come on do you think he invented being a black Jew any more than those terrorists groups in Africa invented being terrorists or black Muslims?
You’re saying uyghur Muslim extermination is political. BLM is more political you idiot
I was talking about narration IDIOT! You chamcha always see only how we do hindu-muslim But don't see why we do it
Today u shd b n shame bcRadical Islamic Terrorism kills Innocent , destroy d family. Why nt u post a play card Islamalic Terrorism Kill Jan
@shehzilk @watan71969 These morons that you show talking about Mohammed give no facts and knew nothing about him.
There it is, right there. U THOUGHT, so U tried to use it against me. No. I'm not religious. But when I see a video of a gay black man threating to beat on a Christian woman, yeah, it urks me.
RT @SyrianperNews: #Mosul: Christian pastor #Paul_Jacob was sentenced to death and beheaded by #ISIS. #Iraq http://t.co/3eJJOT5GQa
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Go read about the history of Algebra. The few small contributions from Mus came from conquered ppl
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Muslims didn't invent mathematics.  Greeks and Indians started Algebra before Muslims.
Since 1/3 of all #Islam believes that people who leave the religion should be murdered where are the moderate Muslims http://t.co/E3OtqTbo7D
Abe idiot then why didnt you mentioned hindus who killed by jihadi Islamists lets take statistics about hindu victims against muslims victims ok stupid
Please don't explain brahmans to idiots because they don't want to understand. In india cunning politicians shows Dalits + Muslims = A well cultural society. But actually these dalits forcibly converted to muslims. You can learn lesson from Pakistan and Bangladesh dalits.
If you support #IStandWithIlhan you also support: Al Qaeda Anti USA Anti Christian Anti white radical Islam Destroying constitutionally protected rights Letting people who never contributed leech a system supported by tax payers Marxist-Leninist like policy Anti Semitism
@KhanAmanatullah I don't know how a party can give ticket to your kind of people .You Islamic idiot have no sense that Tahir take live of 53 people in Delhi.@ArvindKejriwal I know u give ticket to them just because they take Muslims vote but from this method you loose Delhi soon
Why does being black, or being in support of the black community, automatically now mean that people must declare their support for a self-declared radical Marxist group that is diametrically opposed to Christianity? Are you going to go after black Christian churches now?
@Michaelplates Maybe you should teach that respect to Muslim assholes like these. http://t.co/j21YpGt0Rl
@LifeInKhilafah You are right. The violent murdering Muslims are the only ones who understand the meaning of their religion.
Haha.. place where terrorists comes first, where humanity died in 1947, where people are dying of hunger, where PM is going here n there to beg, where peace word doesn't exist in dictionary, where jihad is no. 1 word in dictionary and in books.
If i can do it attitude if schaarons ass can do it so can you... her scores test to hair or law field mines was law field. Y i hate hair and wrote complaints which you stole to be me right! BA HA HA HA NEVER CALLED ME ABOUT MY KID AGAIN WHY CHRISTIAN WOMAN? GUILT
Islam = The destroyer of human rights, women's rights. Western feminists = The defenders and enablers of Islam. http://t.co/mDUBWAihHS
There are Christian atheists &amp; agnostics. Some are pastors &amp; priests https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/24/atheist-pastor-canada-gretta-vosper-united-church-canada And there are many Jews who are atheists &amp; agnostics. There are also many religious people who support Black Lives Matter. And many support radical politics https://religionandpolitics.org/2018/09/25/the-radical-rise-of-liberation-theology-an-interview-with-lilian-calles-barger/
These are the FACTs. NOT the moaning drama of @BobRae48 and all terrorist lobbyists. Great leaders @realDonaldTrump @PutinRF_Eng @XiJingpingReal @PMOIndia @RRD_Davao may be watching that Jihad terrorist attacks in Rakhine and prepare to save humanity from the danger of Jihadists.
Why do you say "MY" idiot president. Second time I have heard this today. I'm not even American. And yet many outside the US like Trump. Your whole host of assumptions really does undermine anything you say. And its spelled - Uighur Oh, now you have offended the Muslims. Jezz
@AOC &lt;&lt;&lt;You really are a special kind of IDIOT! The Rioters, ANTIFA, MUSLIMS BROTHERHOOD AND BLM DONT GIVEVA CRAP ABOUT COVID19, THEY WERR OUT THERE RIOTING &amp; KILLING BEFORE COVID19.That isasbad as saying BENGAHZI WAS BECAUSE OF A VIDEO. #RemoveAOC
@halalflaws @biebervalue @greenlinerzjm What your prophet said was that women are stupid and corrupt. #Islam http://t.co/gmiSHq8QaG
@Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa @eS3udi @JRehling 2.3% my ass. At least half of them are murderous lunatics. http://t.co/uFqtM3HhyD
For what? Being kind and Muslim? You idiots get more ridiculous every day.
this is a freakin democracy idiot , stand in elections and if you win , you lead. There's no such thing as buddhist or a muslim or a hindu leading the country! An indian leads the country , whatever maybe his religion
IF YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN IN CHINA AS MUSLIM,YOU WOULD BE IN CONCENTRATION CAMP,HIDING YOUR BEARD,IDIOT 2 BIT ACTOR
Paraphrasing @kathsstewart to @PhillipAdams_1 Christian nationalists in the US are radical, not conservative - they do not believe in the democratic process, a two party system - they support gerrymandering ... the Chicago School is more an influence than the Bible
. Not denying what u said. But a couple of points: 1. Why comparing present time muslims with yesterday's christians? Burning witches happened centuries ago. Islamic terrorism still ongoing nowadays 2. Once again, no one is showing us the biblical texts justifying terrorism .
@digvijaya_28 if there r terrorists whose agenda is 2 wage jihad agnst humanity in d name of religion,can thn d fanatic killers b overlooked
The Jewish Press » » New Gaza Tunnel Collapse Buries Alive Islamic Jihad Terrorists#auspol no loss to humanity http://www.jewishpress.com/news/breaking-news/new-gaza-tunnel-collapse-buries-alive-islamic-jihad-terrorists/2016/08/10/?pushcrew_powered
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins The example of Mohammed gives us a man who owned slaves, raped women, beheaded 600 Jews in one day.
Radical idiot, He is attacking my religion saying that only Muslims wil go to jaant and Non muslims to hell. Is this ur secularism? This is how you will bring secularism? Can we Hindus not disagree with him? tum kuch bhi bolo bas Hindu oppose bhi na kre..ye secularism chhati ho?
@MaxBlumenthal Too stupid. Hamas is a murdering terrorist group that forces Islamist oppression on everyone the can.
Why u r not talking about radical islamic terrorism ... Why u r not talking about why ur minority population is decreases from 20 to 2 prcnt .. why 2 girl child of hindu burned alive at Balochistan ... Why India going to became superpower and pakistan is blacklisted wrld orgnzsns
That’s disgusting. Just Bcs you don’t wear hijab doesn’t mean you cannot speak up about injustice. Muslim twitter are so ignorant sometimes it really bothers me. Don’t let some of these idiots stop you from raising awareness.
We Muslims living in non Muslim country and we need mosques to worship In Pakistan non Muslims living and they need worship places too It's their right and I fully support this Stop being idiots some of you and all patwaris #NonMuslimRights #HindusRighta
I agree. Those idiots with WMDs that stormed state government buildings threatening the politicians inside should have been jailed a long time ago. Same with the white supremacists that have destroyed numerous Muslim churches. I'm pleased you want action taken against them.
ISIS is following not just any random outside ideas, ISIS follows Quran completely to 1st&amp; last word. Please declare this religious book as evil terrorist propaganda and Ban it. Democracies will only survive if we stop this undemocratic terrorist religion and it's terrorist book.
"@BitchJones92: Get worshiping bitch! http://t.co/R37CejCjou" woof woof
Yes, I don't like @realDonaldTrump (and didn't vote for him), but radical support for abortion calls into question a Democrat Christian's commitment to the authority of Scripture.
Are you really looking at refurbishers, Muslims, carpenters, firemen, doctors, desert dwellers, hikers, &amp; who knows who else who wear fabric in front of their faces for hours on end &amp; have been doing so for ??? and think, "Oh, now I'm suddenly going to pass out from this"? Idiot.
Like isis terrorist Islam and Quran and makka Madina like haaz ki tatti
Muslims just want to live peacefully but are always looked at like terrorists because of what happened in 9/11, it is really unfortunate about what happened but please. Read the quran and look at how peaceful islam is. Isis says its muslim but in reality it shares no same belief.
There is also the fact that she is hanging around with a bunch of skinhead wannabes - the proud boys- who support domestic abuse, the fact that a majority of her support comes from radical Christian/right wing sites, she is clearly bigoted against trans people. Yeah.
No matter how much u bark about so called “Saffron Terrorist” the entire world only recognised Islamic terrorism with Pakistan being its epicentre. Now u can keep barking and bang your head against the wall!! Have a great day!
What the fuk? you were speaking about J&K and bow you stand seems to be changed.And if you speak about jobs then you must need to know about our POPULATION 1st.Before everything you must think about the RADICAL ISLAMIC terrorism in POK which makes us to pay huge price on defence
If U Name RSS then start counting Down ISIS LASHKAR E TOIBA JAISH E MOHD HARKAT UL ANSAR AIMPLB PFI INDIAN MUJAHIDIN SIMI HIZBUL MUJAHIDIN ROHINGYAS ARAKAN ISLAMIC ARMY TABLEEG I JAMAT There are many more to name. The whole world is suffering from Islamic terrorism not Hindu.
Pakistani sponsored terrorism is reason for problem in the valley. Pakistani terrorist using religion card to brainwash kashmiri n brainwashed kashmiri are not fighting for Kashmir but jihad. This jihad has done much more harm to humanity n It's factory is Pakistan
Muslims are never targeted in India. Bad people are targeted in India. People like you try to spread hate even when something good happens. Whenever something unjust happens in our country, all of us speak up unconditionally. We are better than idiots like you project.
@AAlwuhaib1977 No,it's the absolute truth and you can verify it through hundreds of sources. Your anti semitism is scripted propaganda.
@Zaganashikwe @2013campaigns thugs. Terrorists. They co opted The term jihad which simply means struggle. Their jihad is against humanity
Christian, woman, white who’s been doing a lot of praying, reading, listening. Here’s where I’m at: If I don’t speak up, I’m part of the problem. If I do speak up, I probably won’t get it right, and I’ll still be part of the problem. If I have to ask,
You know who historically burned books Nazi and radical Christians, the same ones who support Trump
Osama Bin laden had killed innocent people he is a terrorist .. Same way Amit shah have killed innocent people .. he is also a terrorist.. Osama bin laden(Islamic terrorism) = Amit Shah ( Hinduthva RSS Terrorism) I dont support Osama but u support Shah. Sharam karo
Okay, so you’re a very old “Christian” woman. You’re just upset cause you know I’m right.
Maybe we should be judging "Christian values" by our support for ISIS, not to say encouragement of radical preachers - no way would the likes of Abu Hamza be allowed to preach jihad in the streets of Damascus, as he could in London with impunity.
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime If you want to ignore the mountain of data that shows Islam to be a pile of crap, that's your prob
Where did I say all Muslims believe the same thing? What stereotype do you think I've used? Perhaps, instead of attributing to me your own ideas of what I think, you'll notice I said fuck all about her beliefs. Idiot.
3)Just like we Indians sympathise & care for those killed in WTC attacks by terrorists u should be careful enough to not promote islamic terrorism in India. 4)WTC americans didn't died due to rebel Civil Engineers fight for freedom nor naikoo is mathematician,both r terrorists.
its probably why obuma refused to acknowledge Islamic terrorism. u probably think killary clinton is a great person because obuma endorsed and backed her
Different groups in the ME are competing to see who can be the most Islamic by being the most barbaric, autocratic, and inhuman. #Islam
Wow sir you tell me without islaam any religion people terrorist.ur religion people thinks ur religion is good and any religion is fake .Everytime all Muslim say create this universe Allah.I think all Muslim that think this type stupid think idiot.
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins The objective of the article is to invalidate Islam,not to validate ISIS. And Islam should be outlawed
@MLB @Nationals @Dodgers @Yankees @SFGiants You idiots are committing a self-induced suicide of your league. It's a free country, for now, but if the Marxists backed BLM=Burn, Loot &amp; Murderers ever get their way, do you think you clowns will get a free pass from them?
Neither congress nor BJP its not about party its about common sense why is it that you idiots want to vote on hindu vs muslims why is it that you think that hindus only belong to BJP I am a hindu I also dont want mughal raaj but wake up its not coming any ways we have forces
Literally your claiming that the whole Muslims stand with unfair negotiation term?? who are you to talk for all Muslims and the Muslim world? Idiot, What about Muslims in Ethiopia? Don't make things look like Muslim issues and Egypt uses Nile for the Muslim world!!
@asem_1994 And I know that Umar imposed the code of Umar, making Jews and Christians third class citizens for centuries.
#HagiaSophia don't smile idiot Muslims.. Christian's economic embargo is here.. It's time to stay alone and die alone with your "God" president.. As we say in Greece "you smile better when you smile last..."
#FakeNews @CNN calls #Israel's mass murdering terrorist attacks on civilians in #Gaza and #Syria, a military campaign against Islamic Jihad, to whitewash #Zionist regime's crimes against humanity. Criminal News Network never tires of protecting its owners.
It seems some idiot told you if you ask this questions a Muslim will get worried..lol It's like asking why you were born as a man. Even your parents can't answer that. Go and ask them why you are a man and not transgender..lol Gobar khaega to Gobar brain hi payega.
Sharpton is a very FAKE pastor a wolf in poor sheep’s clothe....only liberal fake Christians support or listen to his radical mouth!
We have a same views on people like u who r suffering from #Hinduphobia. People like u promote islamic terrorism or radicalization, spread venom through ur baseless articles that islam is in danger bla bla people like you are the real reason for unsettles in name #Islamophobia.
Oh another Barsnley idiot wanting out of the EU to stop the muslims. Unless it's the same guy? OMG is this you?????
Idiot, that's a Hindu boy beaten up by Muslims for going around with the girl in that black tent, that happened near Mangalore zoo, if i give you police case details will you eat my ...t
You've not shown one thing I've said as factually incorrect, logically inconsistent, nor antisemitic. You are, by your own admission, an ethno-nationalist. You are also bigoted against Arabs and Muslims. So long. You've conducted yourself like an amoral idiot and won't be missed.
@sibelo76 Yes, all that Islam is making ISIS so loving. Idiot! http://t.co/qJXDS8FMyW
I don't defend radical terrorism This reply shows more abt u than me,U already came to conclusions saying I support islamic terrorism U know nothin abt me Btwn hindu and muslims there are neutral christians too Bt I give a fuck if u keep commenting on my tweets,stop it already
No it isn’t. White people are not to blame for what others have done, the same principle is held up against any community. This is why we don’t blame all Jews for apartheid Israel. Like he said you cannot ask Muslims to apologise for terrorism just because some idiot did somethin
Are you talking about Pakistanis idiots or referring to whole muslims community in india and the world?? Say Pakistanis, say we Indians etc na. Why communal language,.hindus muslims etc in this. What logic is that? That's called Bhkats logic..
If you call yourself a Christian yet you support this bill and the man pushing for it, you should be ashamed of yourself! Jesus Christ himself was radical during his time. And if he were here present today, he will be crucified again under this proposed law. #JUNKTERRORBILLNOW
RT @zezitom: If we dont ban #ISLAM they'll ban us RT @ArcticFox2016: New Islamic State Video Features French (cont) http://t.co/3WnMheGUhv
You are right. I once saw an idiot on an American activist timeline on FB saying it's Muslim bruhaha. None of Americans understand wat the maga was talking on. I Said to him "if u guys channel ur data on marketing Nig it could been better. He was caught by shame and say tnx sir
We cannot allow this lack of accountability to persist, why u belive Turkish propaganda, why u love so much Muslim invasion, why u are so idiot. You really don't love Europe.
Dr. Strachan, Please permit me to ask a question that others ask me when I highlight scriptural calls for Christian men: What of this is a Christian woman not also called to do and/or be? I hope you choose to answer, even though I've no right to one.
Read the following book before you start throwing expert comments on Hindutva: “Essentials of Hindutva”. VD Savarkar. Otherwise, it will be like any ISIS terrorists, who fight for Islam without reading Quran. Good luck.
Radical left? Please are you saying that Republicans are the party of Christian values? So your values support sex with 13 yr olds, sex with porn stars while your prego wife is at home, sexually assaulting minors at the border, not providing basic needs to child migrants? Ok then
Sir Stone pelting Allah hu akbar krte hue, Saare terrorists grp like jaish e mohammad means army of mohammad lashkar, Isis flag says la illaha illallah and shit. These Maulvis asking to violate lockdown are doing that on the name of quran and Allah. why to cover all these facts?
Good “christian” woman right here
@98Halima @johnnygjokaj @cdnKhadija @BilalIGhumman @rfrankh53 The battles were won because Mohammed gave his thugs 80% of what they stole.
Get lost you sangi idiots. Those are in your eyes,here we Christians ,hindu muslim all live in peace. And you guys don't like it and would do anything to apart us. Here to you don't give a thing about the matter. You were here to discriminate about party and religion instead.
Pakistani General Raheel Sharif was head of Islamic military counter terrorism in which almost all muslim armies were involved you idiot
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Do you think that the brick heads at Salon know that the prophet Mohammed beheaded people in mass? #Islam
I find it funny when people go on about being “british” and taking back our country... then you realise that black, white, Muslim, Sikhs, Jews died defending Britain during WW1/2 for these idiots views today. Read a book!
for me, Islamicism (per #OFF quote) != Islam. Jihad's taken from the Quran &amp; disorted by terrorists, misunderstood by media.
RT @george3612: @ProudPatriot101 Austrians Say Islam Does Not Belong in Their Nation: Poll http://t.co/Pa7yTFBQhB …
@Ceff00 @JosephIsVegan @SumbelinaZ @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch Muslims are not a race, they are a murder cult. http://t.co/CZDlhBjyw5
2/2 That's the difference between a terrorist nd a history sheeter criminal..But again i didn't expect common sense from u, so it's fine. No tactics can downplay radical Islamic terrorism nd islamist ideology that's all...Yes filth nd violence has a religio.....sshh
@MaxBlumenthal Islamophobia - Fear of this. http://t.co/IFRn2T77KF
@Just_Nafisa @FatimaFatwa @eS3udi @JRehling That is another one of the common lies all Muslims tell to westerners. http://t.co/KMEwbpZihR
Had India been so underdeveloped under varnashram system Muslims and Europeans would have never invaded India they came here only to loot as much as they can and even an idiot can tell you don't robbers don't rob from beggars( underdeveloped nation) as you were saying
@SumbelinaZ @SallyTreadwell @Lg4Lg @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch This is debate about the vile religion of Islam, not about one country, microbrain.
U are all a bunch of idiots. #Kashmiri ppl never gave you the mandate to call it YOUR territory. #Kashmir belongs to #Kashmiris &amp; we are a Muslim Majority region with a MAJORITY Muslim indigenous population. Facts a lot of people, mostly Islamophobic bigots can’t handle @nytimes
U will never get such enlightenment in life unless u undergo madrasa education in pakistan. Which of course create raw materials to export islamic terrorism to the whole world.
And both segments are shit. And advocating or demeaning any of the segments based on religion is a highly racist thing to say. You see Muslims and Hindus in these segments. I only see idiots.
THESE BOOKS DISCUSS VARIOUS TOPICS SUCH AS; THE LIVES OF THE PROPHETS, MORAL VALUES OF THE QURAN, FACTS OF CREATION, MIRACLES OF THE QURAN, THE ISLAMIC UNION, PATRIOTISM, LOVE OF ATATURK, THE RISKS OF THE TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS SUCH AS PKK-PYD-PYD AND ISIS,....
These people are stupid. This is the cops doing their jobs. They should be getting praised not being ridiculed for doing their jobs. For you idiots out there. Vandalism is a crime!
Wth do you think the PM of India is. Population of NZ is much less than that of Delhi and it's area is huge. They have very high power capita income with almost no security risk. Meanwhile in India Muslims will murder Modi the moment he steps out. Idiot.
@DianH4 Perish slowly my ass. Slavery lasted longer in the Muslim world that anywhere else. And your hero is trying to bring it back.
RT @Totally_America: Obama Keeps Reformist Muslim Group Away From WH Summit Over Their Views ISIS Motivated By Islam… http://t.co/y1VK4BurIX
@SpeakerPelosi I can not believe you have the nerve to call yourself a Christian woman. You do not have the right to be put in the same category with all the garbage you let come out of your mouth. You are a disgrace to this country get out of office.........
These people are not killing anybody but jihadi stonepelters are terrorists as they target and kill people. So called Jihad is against humanity
{[(I AM ANTI-TERRORIST GROUP NOT ONLY LEADER AND I AM A NEW MOM IS A RIGHT I HAVE AS A JEWISH CHRISTIAN WOMAN TO LIVE SAFELY AND I SWEAR TO JESUS CHRIST THEY NEED TO LET ME DO SO ASAP.#NAZARETH #BETHLEHEM #JESUSSAVES #GODSOS.)]}
RT @noisykafir: Please draw mohammed! Just a smiley face will do but draw it and post it. #IAmCharlieHebdo http://t.co/QIOVZyNxdJ
Muslim badnam hafiz shed is Hindu? Taliban is Hindu organization? ISIS is Hindu organization? 99% Muslim only involved in terrorist activities why don't your quran stop you to do so?
Lol you idiot. "Jones appealed the decision, but in October 2012 the NSW Administrative Decisions Tribunal dismissed his appeal, and upheld his conviction for inciting hatred and for vilification of Muslims." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Jones_(radio_broadcaster)
Just find a Christian woman and bless her socks off, she'll fall right in pove with ya.
It’s so disgraceful that you even call yourself a Latino. It’s disgusting that you agree with the things this idiot has done and said towards the Latino, The Black Community, Muslims, etc. You’re obviously not education and clearly you have no moral sense.
Watch toy problem, just condemn the injustice that innocent peaceful Muslim faces in India by the police and hindúes, you clearly the idiot who is Islamphioian
@_Jihadi_ @ansaralummah2 @lIlIlllIlIllI Democracy only means that people get to elect their leaders. Islam means they are ruled by freak god
A Christian woman denied her daughter the right to her son’s funeral because she was pregnant and she cared about what people would think. MAAAAANNN fuck them people
@logicalmind11 The majority of Muslims have already shown themselves to be radical in polls. http://t.co/voEY1fspR1
@ilhaam673 You don't need a perverted religion to feel compassion for humanity. http://t.co/T9Knt5tQmP
Cunt...did you just say my being gay was a “life decision”??? Are you kidding!? ...Inreally want to be extremely insensitive right now...but I’m trying to be a good Christian woman! #gay #youreatwat
neogreek Christian woman : I. Your RELIGION on our PENIS... II. Your FAMILY on our left BALL... III. Your FATHERLAND on our right BALL... P.S. HUSTLERS OF THE WORLD... KEEP ON CREATING... https://www.instagram.com/p/CDKEuW4JZdI/?igshid=ogiax3du3q76
Taliban & ISIS have sympathisers in all country over world among extremists muslim. U can't wipe out by killing or arresting 5 or 10 terrorist, we have to kill the idea which flourish ISIS, Taliban, Al Quida or JIHAD !!! Bhagwan / Allah / God etc plz save humanity.
Islamic terrorism ! Most important one. Tht could make all ur points wrong and make u force to rethink
Okay idiot. You asked us Dalits to be ashamed for voting for bjp I rebuked that. Ye Muslim cell se aayi hui articles yaha mat peddle kar, I have a better insight on Dalit issues than you ever can. Brainwashed Pos, dimag nikaal lete hai kya surgery karke madarse me
Humanity is for humans not for terrorist like yasin malik who killed my kashmiri brothers in the name of jihad.. Iam sure Allah will make him rot in hell
no shooting atfirst.idiot,there r many things that police learns to manage agression &amp;second what you did when u was VP? you r a facist waged war agaisnt other countries like agaisnts muslim iraq and now sifting all the blame to trump.thsi man is a hypocrite worse than trump
That’s right. Either send the children to die or we won’t support them being educated? Indoctrinated by the radical left? Tell you what, you can open all your christian schools for a month first. See how thst goes. Mmmkay?
Micheal I Am Persecuted Christian By Radical Islam Refugee From Middle East I Support My President And The First Lady Because I Work,I am offended by your comments!Obama destroyed USA and helped isis kill my Christian family in Iraq Syria,its Either you don’t have or no job!!!
@PrimeVideo @netflix making hinduphobic series like Family man and leila are going to drown you soon Stop being hypocrites Cant u see what islamic terrorism has done to the world ???? Dont u see kashmiri pandits??Whom to blame for the exodus of pandits???
@Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime Where they live tells you everything you need to know, namely, that Islam is a religion of bigotry
I have a degree, 15 yr military,14 yr L.E.O. and and Trump had every reason to band Muslims, they kill people. Yes this is fun I never heard from a politician that is your big of an idiot. Having a degree in nothing once you said you were a politician, your the problem.
I am, for all intents and purposes, a fallible Christian woman, who leans more right, than left, politically. But, since we're actual people, I like to highlight the things about me that don't necessarily fit that mold.. For instance..
@discerningmumin The hypocrisy of Islam is that they expect to convert people from other religions but they murder converts from their own.
It might be worth looking at data on deaths from terrorism here in the U.K. vs the U.S. White male terrorism in school, church, etc. shootings kills many times more than Islamic terrorism every year, with only one exception. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_the_United_States Be afraid of the right things.
@NicolaSturgeon nippy lied people died. you time is up nippy. your parties time is up nippy. you've been taking the citizens of Scotland for idiots for too long nippy and you've been found out now. covering up a Corona outbreak, covered up Muslim child rape gang. games up nippy!
Islamic charities in pakistan funded by u.s directly linked to muslim terrorist groups, it means u.s funding and encouraging Muslim terrorists groups in pakistan. It is very bad u.s help pakistan with dollars,now pakistan will use dollars to boost Islamic terrorism.pak fooled u.s
What about Babri you idiot ? Muslims destroyed a Temple (a heritage structure) and built a illegal structure ... Now we are rebuilding the Heritage structure. By the way Hagia Sophia was a church before the barbarians converted it to a Mosque
@anjemchoudary You have no say on what freedom of expression extends to.  Everyone should be insulting the phony pedophile prophet.
Idiot , what you know about Mewat ? Have you ever lived here ? Have you ever stayed here even for a single day? No one is dying or has ever died in communal riots or religious riots. It's your RSS and Company that's killing innocent Muslims all over the country.
Arab is not a language you idiot. Arabic is a language. Arab is a nation name. And you suddenlt turn to defend muslims? wasnt it you to call me muslim like you insult me? Hypocracy as you always do. Not surprised
Why is it that secular Jews and atheists support radical Islam? It's sick
Why you want to prove Hindus right, when they say most Muslims are India &amp; Hindu haters ? Idiot !
No cure mate, be in denial. It seems u enjoy muslims being killed. Unlike muslims who accept islamic terrorism dangerous u seem to love it.
This Idiot says that Vikas Dubey won't be encountered cuz he ain't Muslim. But when he was encountered, blabber why he was encountered? Where's the logic? If they do things, you ask why? If they didn't do things, you ask why don't u do it? Hypocrisy!!!
@contrafactos LOL. It is common knowledge and there are countless reports about Muslim no go areas in Europe.  Just google it.
@harmlesstree2 Again you are an idiot. The Muslims were thugs. They quickly figured out that if they forced everyone to convert there..
@UmarMal compared to the sewer and violence and poverty of Muslim Pakistan, Americans live in opulence.
Idiot. What's wrong with you guys? You may have watched so many indian or english movies and serials but no questions on that. Why you are feeling pain on this serial? It does not matter it's Turkish or Pakistani history, at the end it's Muslim's history and you can't stop us.
@OdiniaInvictus @SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @IsraeliRegime I know about Judaism.  I don't recommend it.  But most Jews are secular.
RADICAL LEFTIST GROUP Threatens Christian Prayer Rally Planned on Saturday to Save the Iconic St. Louis Statue in Forest Park https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2020/06/update-radical-leftist-group-threatens-christian-prayer-rally-planned-saturday-save-iconic-st-louis-statue-forest-park/?utm_source=Twitter&amp;utm_medium=PostTopSharingButtons&amp;utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons via @gatewaypundit The Leftist plan to attack a prayer group. Satan runs rampant through the left and the Dems who support them
Shall we make it even simpler? Will you be wearing Rainbow Laces, in support of the LBGTQ+ community?
If you Go against tsmy . Whats wrong with his decision to join UMNO , PH will not win next PRU , why? Because of ramasamy , kullasegaran and santiago . So what u did as A PM. At the time this idiot were talking about Muslims ? U were silent, u dont have the power that u had ....
Isis quotes Quran and sunnah too, does that make them right? Why are we directing our ummah towards these books by terrorists anyways, why not direct them to the best books by actual scholars?
You idiot he was doing his JOB, everything he has done was his JOB there is nothing he had done which is not in his job domain. As an INDIAN I respect him, that he had done his job truthfully BUT as a HINDU I will not tolerate a MUSLIM in BHOOMI PUJAN or GARB GHRAH.
How can anyone truly be a Christian supporting the far left radical Dems? Dems support abortion at 9 months and beyond if the little one makes it. They support &amp; defend traitors in this country while spewing propaganda in the MSM. Evil has infiltrated Christianity Today as well!
Terrorist Taliban attacked a civilian hospital in #Zabul province of Afghanistan and killed dozens of civilians . Shame on you #Taliban. This is not Jihad , this is crime against humanity. #Zabul #Afghanistan
Jihad muslim invaders destroyed bharatvarsh it destroyed Persia and many cultures idiots like you defend it
You're completely wrong on that one. I'm a Christian woman and I have 3 gay family members, and 1 friend who is gay and I love them all. It's not my place to judge them or to say if they're right or wrong, and they love me all the same.
@watan71969 This is why the world knows that Muslims are Taqiyya liars that manufacture fraudulent data.
I think that some of that happened under the muslim &amp; village idiot’s regime. Nicht wahr? Besides, you can’t say that he really had any kind of cooperation from the DOJ until Barr. Can you?
@MaxBlumenthal @Ajzionts Nope, Blumenthal ignores the countless cases of Muslim violence against minorities around the world, and instead...
2/ ...and if you think the 'palestinians' would be satisfied with such borders then you're either naive or one of their 'useful idiots' who simply does NOT understand the Arab/Muslim mindset:
a bitch who knows nothing about islam or its open support for rape,pedophilia & slavery yet this cunt wants to tell me we are all friends,.where do idiots like you come from,..I wish you were here now Id treat you how the muslims treat the blacks in North Africa it ain't friendly
@SirajZarook @BilalIGhumman @OdiniaInvictus @IsraeliRegime The Quran itself is the source of the hatred, murder, imperialism, sexism.
aHA AHAHAHA very funny. As a matter of fact, no. Twitch does not try to cancel Christianity. They support the freedom to exercise one's religion. What they do NOT support though is targetted harassment. Maybe try not to be an Islamophobe and a radical Christian next time, aight?
. Lame attempt to protect Terrorists -Quran recommends taking Kafir Women as sex slaves, ISIS did that to Kurd &amp; Yazidi women -72 Naked hoor are their motivation to become fidayeen &amp; #TabligiJamaat preach it to all MUSLIMS Suddenly now they became Bajrangbali Bhakt ! .
@Head4uarters @JihadistJoeJnr @KittenKoder The global comprehensive terrorists are afraid of Quran &amp; Jihad as these can rescue humanity
@realDonaldTrump is the only @POTUS in recent times who has taken a tough stand on #Pakistan &amp; #islamic terrorism. But that is immaterial for u- right? In your blind hatred for Modi u will diss anyone and anything that is beneficial for India ( but ur loyalties r not with )
If I were running for dog catcher the endorsement I would want would be from you of that idiot @AOC even if I was another fu@king Muslim
Who r u to question him? If u can't raise #voice &amp; condemn #Islamic terrorism in J&amp;K #Lashkar-e-Taiba #Jaish-e-Mohammed #HijbulMujahideen #AlBadrMujahideen #Harkat-ul-Mujahideen #JKLF #Hurriyat Ever seen @OmarAbdullah @MehboobaMufti condemning #Islamic terrorism in J&amp;K even once?
I couldn't stand that Muslim phony SOB, I about fell over when the idiots reelected it. Biden would be worse but you all ready know.
age, money, position, knowledge, award, love, respect, humanity can't change the ideology of #terrorism #jihad only in one religion around the world... #JavedAkhtar u understand...U better understand #SaveIndia #Delhigenocide #Tahir_hussain_terrorist #ArrestTahirHussain
@RednetSarah @labajetta_mike @ISIS_Med If that is Allah's wish, then why doesn't the lazy asshole do it himself.
Lets talk about Corona! This is a China virus chump, not an American virus! Trump did not lie to China chump, they lied to the world! As hard as you idiots on the left want to blame our president he did 100 x more to protect Americans then Muslim Barry did during the H1N1!
I don't care what you believe .. My arguments are very solid .. but of course an idiot who believes in such personalities will not have the IQ to understand me... and many intelligent muslims are embarrassed .. but some are proud of disgusting acts.. world is full of all kinds.
Once a pig always a pig And that you R. Yes no doubt Gulf is the epicenter of Global Terrorism and u r associate with it Come of Islamic Terrorism, life of terrorist is very Short.
ATROCIOUS! Islamist claim that humans are superior species as Allah created the universe #WhiteSupremacists are dumb but these assholes are beyond them #Islam is an equivalency of idiocy. You dont fuck with #Science #Pakistan #Muslim #idiots #scienceandfaith #sciencewillwin
Lmao you guys tried to convince people Obama was a secret Muslim cus he’s middle name was Hussein. You idiots don’t get to call anyone deranged.
Idiot U. If country was not divided, this country would hv been in the hands of a joint front of Muslims, dalits and other backward communities. Did you want it? So, division was more important for hardline selfish Hindus, than for Muslims. Study d demography b4 &amp; after partition
@dancohen3000 @MaxBlumenthal Wheras the Arabs really are behaving people and you scum are ignoring it.
Err...I recall Christians in USA &amp; Canada doing d exact same thing with Native American kids. May be your moral compass got repaired only now? Btw, this could be d only way to stop radical islam 4m bombing d whole world back to d 8th century. For once, I support China.
#AIMPLB wakes up for judgement against Masjid, built illegally on a Hindu temple structure. Did they ever introspected themselves for joining terrorists groups like ISIS, JeM, LeT etc? Quran been misused by Triple Talaq Nikah Halala like crimes, Fatwas issued against innocents??
Baylor when Matt Walsh defends traditional values on campus: Insists they don’t support all of his views, hosts a “Love Feast” for triggered students Baylor when a radical SJW leftist “Christian” comes to campus (on their dime):
That being said I believe many Christians are good people. Who genuinely care for all people and do good work. The ones who are radical and hateful and tend to support Trump are different story.
Do we have problems? Yes we have and we have the courage to disclose it and own it. Which begs the question how idiot you are uncle? You can't see daily Muslims being lynched in India or even have audacity to talk about it. Let alone Kashmir. Stupid uncle.
A few bad Muslims doesn't make all Muslims bad. A few bad cops doesn't make all cops bad. So don't let @AOC make you think Puerto Ricans are all idiots. Individualism is better than collectivism. Racism is collectivism. Individualism is freedom.
#FreePalestine The Palestine is a real country of Muslims, but in reality World Capitalism and Israeli Colonialism erased the sovereignty of the Palestinian people a long time ago. Israel are real terrorists country you idiot
Tagging the biggest Indian critics of Lockdown : @shahid_siddiqui @RanaAyyub @Shehla_Rashid and also that idiot offspring of Rahul Bajaj, whatisname. Your alma mater realizes the seriousness yet you bloody xerox copy Muslims criticize our PM.
The post is about the muslim co founder of BLM making death threats against whites, the whole overreaction by idiots who ignore black and muslim slavery. Yeah, thanks for the strawman. Slavery is at its highest 40,000,000. You think this is being done by whitey in Libya? Serious?
@Lithobolos @PoliticalAnt @ZaibatsuNews It's not about any specific individuals, but about an ideaology that will always produce terrorists.
All #Wahhabis are #Potential #Terrorists! http://bit.ly/2KZn8iT by HH #YounusAlGohar MUST WATCH VIDEO FOR ALL #Muslims #ExMuslims #Wahhabism #Salafism #Deobandi #Islam #Quran #Muhammad #Koran #ISIS #Taliban #AlQaeda #BokoHaram #AlShabab #Daesh #IslamicState #IS #ISIL
@YusufPeaceful @Clashoftherats @tummala82 @IndyVoices So now you Taquiyya liars deny what is explicit in the Quran. http://t.co/u1r2GhUon9
,hey dont lie with our muslim brothers you idiot, and not to inflame them , operation is on , how they can go for hospital on that time.
@IlhanMN do you know what privilege is? How about your Muslim PRIVILEGE. LET'S MAKE A LIST, SHALL WE? 1. YOU ARE IN CONGRESS. HOW? DON'T KNOW. BUT FRAUD DOES COME TO MIND? 2. THE IDIOTS IN CONGRESS CHANGED THE RULES *JUST FOR YOU* SO YOU CAN PRANCE AROUND IN YOUR HIJAB
I am celebrating no WHO. Why didn't we sign out of UN when USA walked out with Israel? We pay for UN and the appoint judges of humanity from terrorist inhumane jihad countries. Most members don't pay their dues. Why should we support that crap
Prophet Mohammed started jihad or struggle at the same time of origin of Islam. This cult is rooted in Islam. Terrorists explicit and general Muslims implicit. Spread of Islam is done by vested interest or stupidity of people who equate this to humanity.
@chrissmax He is lying. It's Islam. ISIS does nothing that the prophet Mohammed did not also do.
One of the pedophile prophets big battles was the battle of the trench in Medina. ISIS are trying to imitate that trick with a Mosul trench.
Just to be clear, insulting you individually is not racism, oppression or bigotry. You, on the other hand, are insul;ting the millions of muslims who do experience racism from the right on a daily basis. And it's "take a knee," idiot, not "take a kneel."
Killing the innocent Muslims in china and not allowing to the proper rights, you are taking about this Idiots.
A Christian woman is manipulating the words of my Lord Krishna?! You have no right to even up to his name! What did you think that the world was a big massive dance in the park? It was a war against adharma and a aDharma has risen again in Bharat In the form of man-made ideology
@Ammaawah @jm111t You are following the religion of ignorance with an illiterate prophet and you want to talk about spelling? LOL.
@truaemusic The point is about what the society supports and what it does not support. Barbarity is not an aberration in Muslim society.
@SumbelinaZ @TIB2016 @IronmanL1 @Hatewatch And what is the conspiracy? Islam states clearly that they want to murder http://t.co/rHEBNpaopk
Terrorism means killing innocent people which is sin not jihad...Terrorists have been defaming and destroying their religion.Lord Krishna said in Bhagvat Geeta "Only Good actions-emotions-intentions can make a good religion " because Humanity is origin religion of Humanbeings.
@Ammaawah @jm111t Again, the woman must be obedient to the man, even if he is a fool and she is brilliant.  You are proving my point again.
This is fake account of one IT Cell idiot by muslim name. Requesting all of you please report this account. Or don’t believe on accounts like this. ⁦@zoo_bear⁩ ⁦@RanaAyyub⁩ ⁦@MWLOrg_en⁩ ⁦@AIMPLB_Official⁩ ⁦@WeIndiasMuslims⁩ https://twitter.com/AltafRaja_786
My name is a parody of a famous idiot fake Muslim imam guy that you might’ve heard of lmao
Also Mumbai cancelled #TJ, still a huge spike because of international travellers. Same with Delhi, Calcutta Chennai. International airports, you champion. But you idiots rather blame muslims to hide Modi made disaster. And FYI, I'm not Muslim. Yes you are brainwashed.
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere @isra_jourisra @fei989 To say, "don't hate Islam" is as dumb as saying "don't hate Nazism".
First terrorist on earth was Muhammad. Muslims talking about terrorism. You Muslims didn't even spare Mohammad's grandson husayn. 7th century idiot and his imaginary god
Matt Shea, State Congressman "Christians have..right to kill all.. who support abortion, same-sex marriage / communism so long as.. first given .. opp.. to renounce their heresies" If that doesn't sound like radical Sharia law then give me a name for it
EXCLUSIVE: Kayleigh McEnany's Emotional Tribute To Ravi Zacharias https://youtu.be/vYIY6Scmayc via @YouTube Kayleigh I am persecuted Christian Refugee By Radical Islam A Proud American in Love With my New Home USA TRUMP/PENCE AMORE 4EVA! Kayleigh We Love You And Support TTTTB!
@adoomieforlyf @Shaffrazz That old lie again. Muslims repeat the same lie again and again. Here is the truth about it http://t.co/a6zuxxS4NE
This is such a crazy time. My heart is breaking that freedoms & the ability to have a choice are being ripped away from so many people in such a short span of time. I am a Christian woman, but I stand for equality for all. That means giving others the right to make a decision.
Too bad and too desperate to realize there is no Muslim ban. Joe I think you better rethink your policy proposals, because at the moment you sound like an idiot-
List of Most Wanted Terrorists Issued by the Government of Pakistan #Terrorists #Jihad #Islam
What do u mean by islamic terrorism....terrorist are those who have caged kashmiris from years...who r killing them one by one....those who kill Dalits...lol
Absolute idiots . Where were you all for the young girls who were groomed by Muslim men . Should be ashamed
That’s some ‘Christian’ woman right there!
#PayalRohtagi @TwitterIndia u r vry soft on ISLAMIC terrorism,islamic hatred towards othr communities..u nvr suspnd MUSLIM acounts why???? ar all yr employees MUSLIMS??I DOUBT
@Agha_Memnun @BreitbartNews This is what Christians and other non Muslims have had to deal with for 1400 years in the Middle East.
.Know what bothers me? Democrats will support Clinton for Waco, &amp; say, "it's sad what happened but those RADICAL Christians had to go." But they'll turn around &amp; say that folks like this aren't radical, or demand you don't marginalize them. I wish they were at LEAST consistent.
#Hinduphobia_in_Arab U have religious sharia law &amp; no freedom of religion to other non-Muslim . U have religious Umma not us. U pray for Muslim brotherhood &amp; We pray for humanity U never speak against genocide due Islamic terrorism Ur silence is cause all “Islamophoba” not us
WHY are so many of you idiots getting Ganesha tattoos and nobody even cares. If some non Muslim got an Allah tattoo or something then everyone would be mad
It's because the BLM Antifa & other Radical Protesters are immune from the Chinese Virus we all know that by now The only ones that catch the Chinese Virus are Christians Republicans &amp; all other American that don't support the Far Left Marxis agenda
Like kids cages, all Mexicans are racist, the Muslim ban and good people on both sides? lol you useful idiots just rinse and repeat the BS CNN tells you is the truth lol .... low info minds are easy to control
OK, remind me once more...I'm an inconsistent, evil Christian because I won't support this kind of radical leftist insanity? Just trying to keep up with things. (BTW, another good reason we shouldn't have the DoE anyway).
Congress wants to break India once again... - by support radical Muslims group - provides safety and service to Christians massinory.. - divide hindu by caste like fight between bramin-dalit.. - always oppose one nation one flag theory, like J&amp;K (applied there 35A or 370)
@AalawOfficial According to your own canon, your prophet is a pedophile, murderer, rapist, caravan robber, slave trader, sexist and bigot.
Look jihadi your religion is teaching to save convicted terrorists like Yakub Memon. Muslims are loyal only to jihad &amp; terrorists. Biggest curse on this world &amp; humanity. #IslamicTerrorism @rishibagree @RiseofBurnol https://twitter.com/imMAK02/status/1182223924303556608
So ideological. No Nuance. Just hatred. Ideas are not good or evil. Everything has ups and downs. Like with Muslims. Are some Muslims extremist and idiots? Yes. Are most of them normal people living their lifes? Yes. You can find idiots in all walks of life and spectrum of ideas
Trump is an idiot. He thinks Finland is part of Russia. Didn’t know that England was a nuclear country. Told China it was ok to put a million Muslims in concentration camps. That you support him doesn’t speak highly of you.
1. Why do temples own property ? 2. Why do they get to sell at thier discretion (sell every time someone needs a holiday, it's not like they even spend anything to help the general public) 3. You racist idiots will complain later if a Muslim purchases at auction legally.
If you had read my timeliness you would have seen that not only i'm a MUSLIM but I don't deal with idiots like yourself. You are too dumb to have any intellectual discussion Name calling is a sign of low emotional intelligence and yours is in the sewer.
Iran Sentences Christian Woman to 10 Lashes, Prison for Protesting Downed Airplane - Michael Foust https://www.christianheadlines.com/contributors/michael-foust/iran-sentences-christian-woman-to-10-lashes-prison-for-protesting-downed-airplane.html via @christianhlines Yes that is horrible and Iran is a human rights violater but so is China and the Democratic party !
I called these idiots out on IG for using #LGBT rights to push their anti-Muslim agenda against Kashmiri Muslims, the response, “you’re homophobic”! Look at how many posts are even LGBT related!! #KashmirWantsFreedom #KashmirisHaveRightToLive #ModiGovernment #indiaisnotademocracy
Modi is the killer of humanity. Now is the time for Jihad against Modi and terrorists #SaveMuslimsFromRSS
You are crazy brother typical western boy always attacking the Muslims and my emojis CLEARLY went over your head #idiot #racist
You're a fucking idiot if you're trying to condemn black lives matters protests because people aren't protesting about "Muslim grooming gangs" Your racism and stupidity is showing. Now kindly, go fuck yourself.
Ah yes liberals the people who let freedom of religion and have Muslim congresspeople are anti-religion. The ones who want a separation of church and state are anti-religious. And you call me a brainwashed idiot. Name one anti-religious thing they did. Should we all be Christian?
Your narrative of your own world doesnot make any sense in the factual world where islamic Terrorism is a disease humanity is paying. If court is taking the case against Kafeel Khan and the verdict will be as per law. The propaganda that u make will only make a living hell for u.
@SevilZadeh Mohammed led 17 major military expeditions.  Most offensive.  He raped, robbed, murdered, lied, slaved, and was a pedophile.
A Christian woman - right?
It is peak flu season idiot. People get sick in Melbourne in winter. Also he doesn't control religion (are you really suggesting he should ban Muslims from practising their religious beliefs? Dangerous Territory that)
#Sad to watch the war criminal Jihadist @brett_mcgurk appear with war hawk @maddow to support more troops in the Islamic nation of @Presidency_Sy . Reminder to the radical christian Jihadist @brett_mcgurk his nation invaded another Islamic nation @IraqiGovt ..
And u are a global centre of Jehadi propagandas + Islamic terrorism
All well & good until the police find out the party is mainly black or Muslim, and then they’re told not to go in hard ! If the police don’t these idiots will keep on doing this until an officer is killed. Treat them like you do us football fans.
See what diluted Christins Push,Wth what Trump has tried to slow down like ,Abortion,radical LGBT drifting that is torturing everyone that believes otherwise,silencing Christians by left ,freedom to worship God at colleges and u don't support that ?I worry u are missing the point
What an idiot. Two sick parents take child to family to be looked after as illness likely to get considerably worse. Man puts his child,s welfare before gov guidlines. Twist it how you like thats the bottom line Muslim attends funeral with 100 mourners. No consequences
The problem you idiot is Maududi had no role in OR but By making Pakistan a theocracy and saying that Muslims in India should be treated like Shoodars Maududi showed how much he cared about Muslims in general.
Test it Idiot and you will repent for whole life. India cannot treat a country who ill treat people esp Muslim. Where is internet and social media. You army guys are doing work for Xiping. China will collapse very soon like erstwhile USSR. Dont mistake to take Panga with India.
Islam is simply an excuse to rape, murder, loot, practice bigotry, sexism and hatred. The prophet Mohamed designed it to get thugs to follow
@Qoloob4 @Vandaliser @sajid_fairooz @IsraeliRegime And while Christianity moved past it's barbarity, Islam keeps returning to it.
Not every Muslim is idiot like you or asif who intentionally provoke and mislead innocents. Better stop this and start working for yourself and for country . Bharat maata ki jai
I don't know how did Muslims let go of your debate on 15th Jan 2020 but i would like to tell you you are a big fuc*ng Idiot with no sense of journalism. #ArrestAmishDevgan @AMISHDEVGAN
@Noughtii_faya Islam teaches exactly what ISIS practices.
Google islamic terrorism in india...u will be displayed pages and pages of data... Ull know it
Radical feminist? If you're that radical why wouldn't you support the LGBTIQ2+ movement? I mean seriously ... it's not that radical to go with the right-wing Christian flow and be homophobic. Kinda makes you more a follower than a leader, so def not radical.
You really are an idiot. How many Isis attacks were there from 2008-2016 in the US without the Muslim ban? Also don’t explain immigration law to me, I’ve defended Dreamers and have forgotten more about immigration law than you’ll ever know.
Haha , why to use muslims here. i am Indian , you dumb idiot. Plus ajim premji own 74 percent in company .where you get the data of 25 % ... And if yes then please ban wipro also
I can’t imagine telling my grandmother that My punk ass would have been on my knees right there in Wendy’s, praying and when I got home, I’d be out cutting a switch! Grandma was a good Christian woman, she didn’t play!
God, I've become a total radical person, because I said that the Coptic people have to support the process of democratic transition, not the Army. Sorry but Ordinary Christians are needing the rule of law for protection which Mubarak and his successors did not provide.
In this episode of my podcast, I respond to a Youtube video that I saw...it features @ToddFriel of @WretchedNetwork dialoguing with a Christian woman who takes issue with what he says in his open air preaching. Who's right?
MANY ISIS terrorists from Europe were and are young men from the best educated Muslim families in Europe. There are many articles on this phenomenon. So nice platitude, but the facts speak otherwise. Again, it is Islam itself with a huge violence problem. Read the Quran!
you idiot first confirm whats the truth she was not christian she was MUSLIM and she was killed by a puppet of politician here who wants to marry this girl .she and her parents deny it . and she got killed and that BASTARD got away with murder because of his political influence
@Ammaawah @jm111t The Sunnah of the prophet is the basis for Sharia law, along with the Quran.  And the Quran is woman hating.
So being inspired by @BMiera3 to put it out there. This is who I am I am a conservative Christian woman, I am a trump supporter, and I back the blue. I love everyone with the love of Jesus...that’s right EVERYONE. We need to all be in this TOGETHER. 1/2
@yousufpoosuf @HillaryGuess @riwired @izrinhariri @AtharHKhan Next door in Pakistan the Muslims still murder Christians and Hindus regularly
@ZamiraTwitt One way of helping to prevent such crimes would be to outlaw the sick and sexist religion of Islam that victimizes women.
"When Ms. McCain rightly criticized the ugly cartoon as anti-Semitic, the bilious caricaturist dismissed her judgment as 'hilarious.' 'A Christian woman is saying a Jewish cartoonist is anti-Semitic.' "Well, yes, precisely. And she’s right."
What kind of father are you. Your not a Christian. You preach hate. You are a radical left wing lunatic. May you rot in hell. You also support abortion you sick twisted boy raped.
I feel upset right now because I truly don't feel that there is any wiser Christian woman I can ask about a certain theological issue I'm concerned about. I'm very conflicted on this, and it could have a very big affect on my life if I come to an incorrect conclusion.
Register to vote! This may be the most important election in history! Just imagine what could happen to our country if the radical left gets control!! REGISTER! It is our Christian duty to support our government.
@VegetaMoustache I hope they are good at cleaning blood and cut off heads off the streets.
He is named Anshu. Wonder where do these idiots come from. Do Muslims reject Quran? Do you?
That monster won't even get chance to participate ... Forget giving vote.... Accusation and reality has difference... appreciate u , Always looking for color others wid d same as urs.... Worldwide islamic terrorism ..So term coined hindutva terror....
When there were no Loudspeakers, Sant Kabir had protested against loud Azan by Mullas saying that is your Alla is deaf that you have to shout Was annoying that time, public annoyance can be imagined Azan by Loudspeakers, yet idiot Muslims will not Reform Only legal actions
The moment they were gifted 5 times Namaz daily. Why are you being such an idiot? Muslim can't be called namazis? Tomorrow you'll say that Muslims can't be called Maulanas because they are Muslims. Maulanas doesn't exist. don't they?
Your Excellency, you are terrorists and enemies of humanity. You support ISIL, Jabhat al-Nusra, Salafi and Jihad. You are the main danger in the region.
From 2014 to 2018 36 mulsims lynched to death + delhi riots let be 100 ...consider that in a population of 1.3 billion with 200+ million muslim you calculate the probability !! I will calculate probability of single srilankan bombing / Afganistan / Syrian bombing ... Idiots
In Islam women must be locked in their houses, and Muslims claim this is treating them well. http://t.co/rVO5TrXmZt
Nothing that happened can be justified idiot. But don't expect peace in response to blatant murder. Do you see what's happening in USA? In the last tweet you said Muslims were killed and conveniently forgot Hindus. Now it's Anti Human. Waah. Too much prejudice here. I'm done.
thank u bro #HinduUnitedAgainstTerror islamic terrorism k against
@MaxBlumenthal The Arabian Peninsula was once full of Jews and Christians. They were decimated by the Muslims. Max is helping them finish it
It'll take me 3 sentences to prove you wrong: 1) Muslims are idiots 2) Hindus are idiots 3) Christians are idiots I'm all for equality: equally ridiculing all religions.
@Ib_Alkisai Islamic documentation is based on belief.  Historical documentation is based of factual research.
@AAlwuhaib1977 Muslim mob violence against Hindus in Bangladesh continues in 2014. #Islam http://t.co/C1JBWJwuRc
Even at this occasion, you want to express your hatred for Muslims, is it? Dude, if we are well- placed, it is not a favor that idiots like you are extending to us, but it is what we deserve, because of having visionary forefathers like gandhi Nehru, ambedkar etc., not sanghis
You People Made Mockery of Humanity in the Name of Islamic Jihad. You People the Terrorist Sympathiser are More Harmful then the Real Terrorist Because you People Insure the Mindset of Islamic Jihad should Alive. You People Spred Hate and Terror in the behind the Secular Color.
As per my various Studies some nations like Pakistan has done maximum damage to Islam and Holy Quran by running Isis Islamic Terrorists camps and sleeper cells,infact concept of Global Human Rights are on stay because of Pakistani extremism
Jihad means struggle and ppl started struggling with humanity called terrorists
.. would be if you married a Christian woman would be to locate her church and ask permission. But because of duress, the right thing to do if it were generations later during war would be to find the specific church, go in, explain, do appropriate acts, and probably ..
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan @tnr Islam is a strong supporter of murdering non Muslims. ISIS is a strong supporter of murdering non Muslims.
Terrorist thinking and one who attacks humanity in the name of Jihad will not be spared,
you are really talking like some idiot. most of those security forces are useless crpf/police and already all their time is spent on controlling the muslims who may become more restive if pak invades with china. Bigger loans can be given in war, china can give 50 bn also.
It is a crime already, 2 commit violence against protestors, you Useful Idiot of the Muslim Marxist kind. But it's not a crime 2 defend 1-self from rioters/looters who attack peaceful protesters! Did u see what happened 2 ANTIFA GUY who attacked peaceful Protester? RIP Antifa Guy
@AlMonitor The stupidity of Jihadis who think that you only need guns to run a civil society.
This is not about Palestine you idiot. This is not about Whataboutery. The Palestine v Isreal issue is nothing like what is happening to the Uighur Muslims. Hang your head in shame for using their suffering for your own politics.
@Alfonso_AraujoG @ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal Mohammed told Muslims to take over all of the Arabian Penninsula from Jews and Christians.
1) I don’t agree with Ann’s views on this issue, but I defend her freedom of speech. I know you’re an atheist Julia, but I defend Ann’s right to express her views as a Christian woman. I suspect some Labour MPs might not be so quick to furiously denounce Ann if she was a Muslim.
@SushmaSwaraj #StopVisaToPaki no need of showing humanity against #terrorist country ppl if they don't develope hospital in pakistan then they should go to #jannat for what they do jihad #No4Paki #KulbhushanJadhav #KulbhushanJhadavfamily #KulbushanJadhav #KulbhushanJhadav
Whait, you are comparing #genocide on #Serbs during II WW, Holocaust or Armenian genocide with execution of POW in Srebrenica? Do you know that from 92-95 Muslims from #Srebrenica UN safe zone killed more than a 3 000 Serbian civilians in most brutal way? And yes, tata ti idiot
Blood has been shattered on both the sides idiot. You're just seeing one side of the picture. Still Muslims are slave to China
If being a Muslim didn't stop you from calling me a "woke Christian" it shouldn't stop you from having or finding proof of your disagreement in the Bible. Unless you disagree without resort to facts which would make you an idiot. Which one are you?
@zakirnaikirf Saying that Islam is a way of life means that Islam actually tells you which hand to use to wipe your ass.
Human beings ought to understand: Irrespective of what the Terrorists claim to stand for i.e. Jihad Crusade or White Supremacy or Hindutva the end result is always Loss of life Battered Families &amp; Orphaned Children. May Allah have Mercy on their Souls &amp; grant Hidayah to humanity.
I don’t know y u bloody idiots call RSS a terrorist organisation and in what basis- Have u ever seen RSS killing anyone or forcing some1 to convert to Hinduism. You know what y there r so many Muslim and Christian countries but only one Hindu majority country- coz we dont force.
the hate some of you lot have towards Muslims of other sects is actually disgusting, you’re literally no better than islamophobic idiots at this point
Tyagi Pandit Ji , Come Back Lathicharge better than programmed Jihadis as 72 Hoor seeking#terrorists 911 2611 #Bokoharam #ISIS #Taliban #AlQaeda Treating 72% #Humanity as #Terrorists and advocating Jihad against innocents Jizya on non believers and using sword to convert
Ha I was waiting for this! Muslims burnt 62 Hindus - men WOMEN & CHILDREN. Crime? They were Hindus. You love propaganda lies right? It was a probably mad christian woman who saif about stomach being cut etc, when called for evidence she shat and ran. Read
Sadia it is not a terrorist organisation...it has muslims as its members...please prove one human rights violation it has committed..? We are bigger than these white idiots...you guys want to take the matter to the UN... please do...we are bigger than any country in this world..!
Lack of brain in u converted ppls head shows that u people r so dumb Hindu haters only.. Because whole world know mosques r base of Islamic terrorism in whole world .. And vikas dubey was a gunda or don &amp; temple ppl informed police..so understand basic diff
Idgaf about europe, they are the worst who created this communal rift , i see that more than u. But u dont get it that europe or china(Uighurs muslim ) is not big hearted like india , in London they saw islamic terrorism increase, so they don't want europe to turn into seria.
Second, you had equality, you will never have tolerance. I'm a right wing Christian woman, I'll never tolerate your group. After the violence and havoc you guys have caused, lets just say you kicked the hornets nest.
Oh my, does this mean that Soros and Gates and Clinton's are all really Muslims..I knew it, I knew it! They must be ISIS too.Oh, I get it, CIA didnt create ISIS and created 9/11 to blame all muslims for stuff. No wonder the world's going shit. You people replying are idiots!
@SpeakerPelosi Nancy, since you think and speak publicly about Trump being obese will you do the same for Stacy Abram, who is the size of a small house? I’m sure you will be fair since you’re such a Christian woman right? You are SATAN
@asem_1994 But the Christian and Jewish world had an enlightenment because they got past religion. Islamic world has never got past religion
She is probably a Good Christian Woman that fears God in the right way of Respect, and relies on Jesus for her direction in what to do next. All the while reading her bible, and preaching the good news of his Kingdom. That's why she is so much older and protected.
You are the Cocktail peace Muslim Christian tell me one reason why you are Congress only one reason just one reason you faking idiot you are the big terrorist in India
Indians are Asians in case you weren’t aware. The way police beat their own citizens is just barbaric. The point is. The boy is Chinese &amp; is being beaten up, &amp; some idiot thinks it’s fine because of what “supposedly Muslims”.Man unfortunately has been cruel to man for centuries
@_THFC_ wont be renewing my club membership. Support of radical causes such as lgbt was already causing me as a Christian unease. But seeing the players of the club support a marxist organisation is the straw that broke the camels back. Football has sold its soul.
@KeeganNYC @syedmuhammad555 Why do nearly half of all Muslims want to kill people for who they have sex with? http://t.co/wzMsFRJ70N
You would think Muslim slave labor for PPE in China at the Uigher camps? And some idiot in the @NBA thinks supporting #China is "cool"? @KingJames -- care to comment?
India is the one who refuses to let people decide you idiot. Your own @majorgauravarya said on tv majority kashmiri are muslims, want to be a part of Pakistan but we wont let it happen even if we have to use force.
What kind of idiot you are! Stop spreading your sectarian approach. I hope you realize that these two places are not identical nor Muslim from all over the global go to Istanbul.
@MJALSHRIKA stop you idiot dividing and tarnishing Image of India in name of Religion. INDIA is not hindu or Muslim country. It is for Indian people of different caste and creed. See the country which became on religion are worst in every social and development indicators.
YOU spend my tax dollars to fund religious schools? Does that include Hebrew Schools, Muslim schools? Once the private schools, whose churches don’t PAY taxes, have tuition supplemented - what happens to the concept of public education for all? We don’t need MORE IDIOTS IN U.S.
@MaDaSaHaTtEr_17 @buttercupashby Another lie about the "few bad seed" All the polls show Muslim extremism. http://t.co/XIHmeTALon
Whole world is Using 1 word Islamic terrorism I think once google it I don’t know y u guys can’t say Pakistan murdabaad how we can trust u
Mashallah You r in support of Hindusthani-Muslims or Muslim-Jihadis-Rapists-Looters-Terrorists BLEEDING Hindus-Hindutva-Hindusthan-Humanity ? First know the TRUTH about M-JIHADIS following Radicalized ISLAM Ghazwa-e-Hind Dar-ul-Harb JIHAD for HINDU Genocides, Ethnic Cleansing
I support Trump. And did you agree with Naz when she said that white underage gang-rapes girls (by Muslims) need to shut up for the sake of diversity? IDIOT!
@dankmtl The prophet Mohammed started the hate fest against Jews by driving all three Jewish tribes out of Medina.
These are the sort of PERVERTs that the Democrat Party and the radical “ communist left “ support ??? You cannot be a born-again Christian and belong, support, or even tolerate such perverted evil !
The Catholic churches official stance on Muslims. They don't go to hell because they believe in the same god. You IDIOT..... MIGHT HAVE TO TELL THAT KID YOU WERE WRONG?
no it's not holy war we don't say this.jihad is war against humanity ,killing innocent people called kaafir....Islam itself facsist and terrorist ideology. 34 bar jihad ko bataya Gaya hai Quran me jyada hoshiyar mat samajh Apne apko
Right Wing “Christianity” is a hate group of radical non Christians. If you support a minister who doesn’t completely disavow hate and Donald Trump then your devoutness is totally fake!!!
@MaxBlumenthal @FAIRmediawatch The apharthide is a Muslim thing. They have exterminated Jews and Christians in most of ME.
@ziallrh @riotboyafi The prophet Mohammed also had people murdered that spoke against him.
The title "Rehmatul Aalaameen/Mercy to the Worlds" is reserved to only one being. That is Honor given by Allah and some idiot randomly on twitter is asking other Muslims to "draw a line while praising Prophet SAWS". Do you even know what "Mercy to the Worlds" means?
I agree with you that I hate pedo's, murderers, terrorists, gobshites, shithouses, jabronis, shit stirrers, but if your going to attribute something to Islam, it's in the Quran, not off people just saying so. ISIS say they are Muslims, right? That's good enough for you then!
For once you’re right, but you’re backing the wrong horse. Your vehement willingness to be his mouthpiece demonstrates that you have no more moral judgement than he has. You should know better, as a “Christian woman”. #WWJD
@JoRitson Pieces of shit like you are doing everything in your power to exterminate white people.
Fortunately I have done my part by helping some of them. Unlike you sitting and abusing people. Thode paison ke liye Masoomon ki jaan lene wale dusron ko aukat dikahate hai. Jihad ke nam pe bacchon ko anath Karne wale humanity smjahte hai. Aukat hai toh Terrorists ko Gali do.
@UmarFarooq_ @FaheemHus @jackmjenkins For example, the literary style of the Quran is always very literal. Little use of metaphors, etc.
oh nono i didnt mean it that way!! i think my mom was concerned bc they support planned parenthood which goes against christian beliefs. she doesnt think blacks are bad, not at all! but i think she said the glo//bal network for blm was radical bc it promoted marxism?? (1/2)
@Zahoorgorsi Next step, learning to ride a bicycle, and then learning to ride a camel.
Jews are not Christians bro you know that obviously... I can name war hungry and ridden Islamic states yemen,lybia,Afghanistan,pakistan,Iraq,Iran,Syria,Lebanon and terrorists taliban,isis,boko haram,jebel akhdar,al-queda etc !! Islam’s should review the Quran for their good
so that's the propoganda ur fed?he was lynched by a mob for stealing a bike and there is not a single hindu organization associated with it, so it's like this u can use the teem hindutva but expect me not to use the term Islamic terrorism, example of hypocrisy at its best.
You idiot those loudspeakers happen at 4am! Why are muslims always a problem to everyone else wherever they go be it India or Sweden? Stop the rise of radical mujahiddin islam!
What’s wrong with Sweden ? The country projects itself as a champion of Human Rights, provides asylum to #Jihadis, #Islamists but can’t provide refuge to a #Christian woman from #Iran ? The world has really gone mad. @Imamofpeace @swedense @SwedenUN @hrw @amnesty @Refugees
Read my other reply g, ion think u have a good head. My 'christian terrorism' tweet which meant i "could" classify dem as dat if he could classify his tweet to ,"islamic terrorism". It wasnt serious lmfao
@ardiem1m @MaxBlumenthal @oldkhayyam Forget about your anti Jewish bigotry. How do you explain Hamas beheading gays and honor killing women
@DianH4 @ExposeFalsehood Since Islam has already declared war on mankind, mankind needs to declare war back on Islam.
Happy to hear you have that and can still be Muslim, I wish I could say the same about my friends
And do you know Mass murderer, Terrorist organization ISIS drew inspiration from quran ? Want to say something about this book.
Lol! Idiot thinks that urdu is a muslim language. Sure you've never heard of munshi premchand or firaq gorakhpuri
What the hell you talk about Muslim rule..idiot. Was Internet and news available at that time. They wrote their own autobiography which is obviously biased.
It is the Humanity which is under attack by these terrorist. How could they justified this on the name of jihad? #Peshawar
Moreover, Islamic terrorism is on the elevation these days. If azan has to be loud, then why Muslims of China, USA, U.K are not using the loudspeaker? Dear congressman and Muslims, please don't apply for your Scared Muslim victim card in Bharat?
First you said we are waiting for court orders suddenly when courts ordered against your wish you idiots said we don't believe in courts and we are saying Hindu Muslim Bhai bhai according to you only Hindu who convert into Muslim is bhai rest are enemies.
And Hilary was Secretary of State not president lol. But will one trump supporter care - nope, because they support him because of greed and racism and that’s it. And I include the insane religious bigotry of the radical “evangelical Christian Right” cult as part of racism.
If you are a Christian woman and opposed to women having full control and choice for all reproductive rights, you better be advocating just as vehemently against birth control. Otherwise, you are are a #hypocrite
His father was killed by Islamic terrorists in Beirut. What does that have to do with U.S. gun policy? Oddly enough, I don’t believe he’s ever spoken about Islamic terrorism even though it literally hit home for him.
@discerningmumin Good. We have established that Muslims are slavers and that their humanity has failed to evolve past slave owning.
Whoever told you you have "Muslim and Black going against you" is an idiot. Ignore it and be the best doctor you can be. You are needed...
I’m sure his wife washes his dishes and scours the stains of his shorts like a good little Christian woman should, right?
Why is there a word KAAFIR(who hs no human rights)in Islam? Why is ISIS,Jaish-e-Mohammad,Lashkar-e-Taiba etc. Terrorist grp existing? Why r Msulims spreading Population,Land,Love,Corona Jihad etc.? Why does Islam want to spread GHAZWA-E-HIND? Humanity is for humans not for EVIL.
Here Dr Nick, let me explain it to you..... If you still believe the official narrative that "a few Muslims" were responsible for 9/11.... Then you're most likely a racist or a complete idiot. 9/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB!!!
Typical Muslim,..choosing the side of the racists,...you really need to stop drinking that camel urine but what should I expect someone who praises a pedophile,...a 56 year old pervert,raping a 9 year old girl...and you idiots think that's acceptable?..its something a peaceful..
Show me where you or your org has reported the details of a Muslim terrorist's screed with such a sympathetic tone. Tell me how indoctrinating his fellow radicalized idiots with said screed will mitigate against it happening again. You are amplifying his voice.
You see how I pushed you to come out I'm not Arab but I'm Muslim they're killing few Arabs only in Iraq nowhere else but, I believe Arabs are killing yamen, what about libya don't you see that UAE Saudi Arabia quatar Egypt are all involved there killing libyans aren't they idiots
I feel bad for that Christian woman and hope she never lowers her standard. Same with Muslim women looking for right balanced man.
ISIS takes certain parts of the Quran and twists the meaning to justify what they are doing. I have a question, does KKK represent Christianity with their actions? I do not think so. Same thing with Islam, terrorist groups like ISIS claim that they represent Islam but they don’t.
Nobody said it is a Muslim majority district. You can see all religion in Malappuram. If some idiot things happen why are you bringing a particular religion into it. It is clear that you have a hidden agenda.
For troubled Christians who are deeply disturbed with the direction of the far right Radical evangelicals that support the most corrupt unprincipled leader we have ever witnessed this is a thought provoking read.
every faction: ranging from Salafis, Wahhabis, Al-Qaeda, Taliban, Isis and many more, consider themselves as advocates of True Islam. These terrorists claim that the Paris, London and New York attacks are supported and justified by the Quran. Do you believe this to be justified?
I did, and I will, I have every right to bring God into it. I am a Christian woman. It’s the condition of people’s hearts. If they have no love in their heart for others then they will be bullies and be mean and hateful. So, please don’t tell me not to bring God into this.
Far-right radical christians love trying to take people’s rights away. THIS is why 70% of evangelicals STILL support DJT.
Pakistan is a democratic country ruled by some bunch of idiots who are unfortunately Muslims i dont understand why do you compare Pakistani Muslims to the Muslims of entire world
Just because you are illiterate and idiot doesn't mean everyone is like you. Get this report read by someone who understands English. The report is about your hatemonger brothers/sister rejoicing in hope that the traitors will be Muslims. Your fake patriotism is exposed long ago.
@ajwatamr @ExposeFalsehood The follower of the pedophile prophet tries to be funny. But the world will outlaw Islam soon.
@truaemusic So if a Buddhist owns a slave you can say that he goes against his religion.  But a Muslim slave owner is not going against his.
Idiot rice bag convert, is it ok to target brahmin community &amp; writing against it ? Just imagine a sanghi writes same things about Muslims/Christians then you people will start calling him islamophobic/communal/anti Christians blah blah blah
It doesn't mention anything about building Mandirs with Tax Payers money you #imbecile. Even US UK Muslims ask for #donations to build masjids. You idiots took Hajj money and spent it Mandirs and Guruduwaras to Prove yourselves liberal
You need the cellphone which Muhammad used to receive equality ridden sermons. Jio is selling it for 500 Rs. so that every Muslim could copy Muhammad the idiot.
There is no Term like Hindu terrorism... its Only Islamic terrorism all over the world.. n.. U muslims know it very well
GIRL... it must be so nice living in this delusion that a white christian woman has the right to steal a role like that. if the directors really cared they would’ve looked until they found a muslim actress OR made the season about another character.
What to call u ...twitter doesn't allow the best apt word for you. But idiot is the mildest. When caught pants down u want to attract bhakt support by invoking muslim name in ur tweet. Even bhakts who can eat any rotten stuff do not buy it shows how low level u r.
Christian's absolutely murdered gay people and absolutely affected many cultures. Why are you so stuck on wanting to talk about Islam? Is it just so you can insult all muslims using the radical examples? I know it's not because you care about gay people because you're an idiot
That’s sad and makes me angry! I’m a Christian woman and vandalism of places of worship is disgraceful and disrespectful. Everyone on this planet should have the right to worship their god and in a safe place. I hope the vandals are caught!
Yes, you can check index but your one who proffered, muslims are idiots by blood since birth. Have you ever known India's population ? People like you always proven, my statements is correct, "Muslims are idiots by blood since birth"
@_d_n_verg_ @stevesalaita Palestinians are half Egyptian and half Saudi. Palestinians are the spearhead for the Arabs against the Jews.
RT @PamelaGeller: UK: Hundreds more Muslim child rape gang cases discovered; authorities still hiding them for fear of islamopho... http://…
It appears you have become delirious. Even an idiot knows who started delhi pogrom. Only an idiot can believe that muslims can fight such organised criminal gangs with hammers, ropes and nail cutters.
I wonder if future Islamic terrorism in the U.K will now be blamed on Jesus and mental health somehow?
@UmarFarooq_ The drivel is correct. ISIS behaves exactly as the prophet Mohammed behaved.
I was a hindu converted forcefully??? adam,the first human to come on earth was a muslim you idiot. I respect your beliefs so dont make me fall to your level.
Thank you so much for making us all look like antisemitic idiots. For any Jewish person reading, I’m so sorry on his behalf. Whatever beef our ancestors had was for us live in harmony. Enough Jewish and Muslims died. Let’s either be nice to each other or leave each other alone.
@Raja5aab @Quickieleaks So tell me, what could possible happen that you would consider to be proof that Allah and Mohammed were frauds.
My dad told me I’m insane because I said that some Christians in the US are just as radical as middle eastern Islamic extremists and would support isis if they were white Christians
@OneLegSandpiper @DblBlackDs And while we move on, Islam goes backwards because their canon demand it.
You'd really have to be an idiot or be paid an awful lot of money to portray Muslims in a good light. Ignore the history of brutal conquest and jihad.
Hidutva is fascism you use swastika as your RSS symbol. a militant organization that aims to kick all Muslims in sea. Your fascists killed Ghandi and now expelling Muslims listen to idiot Swami who considersMuslims not worth equal status constitutionally.
It’s all just a photo op, little marco. Even you know that Crooked tRump encouraged Xi to build concentration camps and violate the rights of Chinese Muslims. Now he’s trying to convince us he cares about China violating human rights. Only idiots believe Crooked tRump’s lies.
Why is the USA FILING LAW SUIT FOR ACCUSING @IndianEmbRiyadh for tearing down the WORLD is not owned by USA; Trade Twin Towers? Where is IDIOT MUELLER today? Is he still practicing to jail torture innocent Muslims after 911. 2001? What's your address? Who do you know?
It's not necessary that every time you open your mouth You are not even making any sense. When we Muslims speak then listen more and speak less. Otherwise @PissingGladiat1 is more to create nonsense with his anger this idiot is worried about M going to Europe
@NNdabbour64 A phony prophet trying to gain power through hatred and divisiveness is the reason for it.
You damn right . It’s obvious we need one more seat so we can start saving babies . We all need to keep trump in their , so when Ginsburg goes to her reward , we can replace her with a good Christian woman . We desperately need 4 more yrs
Exactly the problem is you "left wingo" idiot gringos cant tell the difference. you'll cancel christianity as a whole coz some catholic bishop molested a kid, or evangelicals supported trump but tell us how not all muslims are to blame for ISIS
#Hinduphobia_in_Jharkhand Shame. On jharkhand police. Go attack n arrest islamic terrorism. Its in abundance u can find easily. That is the real kill of secularity. Find jamati corona bombs that is violation of law.
@Salon @TheMuslimGuy Do the BB brains at Salon understand that the rape of slave girls was approved and practiced by Mohammed. #Islam
Do you know if he is Sunni or Shia...... what i know Shia muslim doesnt do this kinda shit and it has to be a Sunni muslim..... even Ahmediyas are much better than these Sunni idiots
Sure, the natives in all the countries that u mentioned above are brahmins. It's like telling that 9/11 was done by terrorists. There are nothing like islamic terrorism because terrorism has no religion. But RSS is a terrorist organization. So, RSS was behind 9/11
@SecPompeo NOW U HAVE A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY, THE EGYPTIANS R READY TO HAVE A LEADING ROLE. JUST GIVE THEM THE GREEN LIGHT TO LIBERATE LIBYA BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.Order Erdogan to FREEZE his ACTIVISTS in LIBYA..NO WAY ANY RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM WILL RULE LIBYA....
If there is Muslim in some country, some of the idiots like you will always fight with other religion. This happened with Hindu,Christian's,Jews, Buddhists. Only stupid people like u from ur religion are responsible. Never any other religions fights only u guys.
That is the sad thing. Progressives like @ShaneClaiborne compromise the gospel to support radical proabortion candidates and evangelicals like @Franklin_Graham compromise the gospel to support candidates with utter lack of character. Christians should not compromise the gospel.
This idiot won’t even let schools teach Christian studies and our country was founded on these principles. Muslim countries do not allow Christian studies and will execute or imprison you. Democrats are not woke, they’re brainwashed. I’m not anti Muslim nor am I stupid.
Monsters living in guise of humans. 4 out of every 5 muslim is a radical who supports jihad in some way or the other. These bunch of terrorists who call themselves as Muslims would one day wipe out the entire humanity. #पै_GAY_म्बर
@AngelicPsalms @brassidio Stop threatening people to get them to do what you want.  That's why people hate religion.
What "radical socialists" are you talking about? Even Bernie would be considered a centrist in any other country in the world. Why do you hate Christ's teachings so much? I assume you're not a Christian by your support of Trump.
we must accept that you are ignorant and a clown. Islam doesn't promote this so where are the shortcomings? Don't blame the religion for some idiots who take the religion out of context. There's a severe punishment for killing innocent humans let alone Muslims alike.
I'm Indian but I'm supporting you for the election hope u won &amp; become president again I request to all indian live in US vote for Trump because he is the man who help other countries against Islamic terrorism in world Right now there is propaganda going on in US to blame Trump
The extremists in both sides are the problem even with Islam I know wonderful Muslim people the extremists fuck it up for them. The media is the media what are you gonna do. What I don’t do is blanket ever republican as an idiot redneck. Every one is different. I own tons of guns
@KyleWOrton Most of the Christians that were a part of the Palestinians have been killed or driven out by Palestinian Muslims.
I am a Christian. I cannot support anything these radical fanatics spew. They are demonically possessed and following a false fucking prophet with oatmeal for brains. I say we send them to Paradise Island where they can live amongst like species and preach to each other.
@BDSSupporter No, I'll put you there, because being nothing contributes more to mankind than Muslims.
Being a bjp supporter we say it loud that this man must be castrated n terminated.. had he been a muslim you ppl would lose descretion n look for ways to side step from the issue somehow, idiots
If u say Hindutav Goon then what about Islamic terrorism.. Terriost equivalent to you Abbu
You are an idiot comparing the two. 1. There is no pluralism in Turkey, its 99% Muslim. secondly it was a mosque for 500 years before it was converted into museum under foreign pressure. Thirdly, why do you have a problem if muslims are allowed to worship, tourists can visit.
The private security industry is massively over represented with Muslims. No that’s not racist, that’s a fact. Now after this debarked what area is worst effected? ShitBroadyStan. #surprisesurprise @DanielAndrewsMP you idiot
@Dabiq_Warrior @Totenleserin In other words, you were too stupid to understand that your 7th century barbarity would bring more enemies.
Should we go to Rome and destroy the Coliseum, the Roman forum, and EVERY building and statue from 100BC to 500AD because Romans had slaves and persecuted/killed Christians? Do you support those radical “muslims” in Iraq and Syria that blew up all those historic cultural sites?
Just having my first uncomfortable conversation over Ig direct about the Israel Palestine conflict... with a Christian woman who is pro Israel I hope I portrayed everything in the right way, maybe she will overthink again... I hope so
It has been my pleasure, as a Chef, to work with: African Canadians, Muslims, Asians and Caucasians! All types of people! The only time I have a problem with someone is, you don't do your job or you're an idiot! All the best to you, sir, from Canada!!!
we elected a baboon we voted for brexit to stop muslims we are a nation of racists and idiots who think old statues feel it if you jump on them pro and anti statue FOR FUCK'SAKE ! DIVERSION FROM BABOON TALKING STUTTERING LYING
@HegartyKatie @femfreq Female engineers make 1.17 comp to male engineers. So without specific professional comparisons your info is useless.
@IndianExpress @hstapanghosh It's called reproductive imperialism and was first advocated by their pedophile prophet. #Islam
Born in redculous, grown with jihad and finally become terrorist it's the lesson of islaam. In the name of God and Peace they shows brutality against humanity.
You clueless idiot. Obama was not Muslim. Get lost.
Of course you’re a Bosnian who knows nothing about your own country’s history or why you’re even Muslim lmfaoooo what a dumbass idiot
@SelenaKhan14 @PTISalarKhan @georgegalloway Every minority in every Muslim country is a shrinking minority due to Muslim abuse.
@MaxBlumenthal @mehdirhasan #Islam wants women to stay in their houses and cover themselves. ISIS makes sure that they do.
Islam has a radical version just like ISIS, Boko Haram and many more terrorist outfits follow it. Didn't you see the picture of Islamic terrorists holding Quran in one hand and a rifle in other hand?
“A Pakistani court has sentenced 86 members of a far right religious party to 55-year prison terms each for taking part in violent protests against the acquittal of a Christian woman in a blasphemy case.” https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/01/pakistani-activists-sentenced-blasphemy-protests-200117092607998.html
Yet what's Muslims got to do with these grooming gangs Educate yourself man you make yourself look like the idiot Plus human trafficking is still covered up where you at with your selective outrage
@KellyTurner99 @buellerishere Now if anyone in the west said that you would go balistic, but for Islam you are a pandering ass kisser.
Who is radical? The Republican Party who still likes to call themselves the "Party of Lincoln" now support a vile &amp; disgusting racist who espouses unconstitutional ideas everyday of the week. Republicans lock up babies and call themselves Christian.
Oh, that’s right! If they identify as Black and liberal, you can’t get anywhere because of their identity. You sound like a damn idiot. Talk to them like you did Muslims and Christians! What if you are the one that needs enlightenment? Nah, u think u can’t learnanything from them
More projection. I don’t need to ‘own’ the Left when there are idiots like you about. Just ask Ash on a date, what’s the worse that can happen?.....She tells you she doesn’t date Muslims. You’ll live.
JIHADI alert , your end is around the corner, end of Islamic Terrorism in INDIA and HALALA for u.
Says the guy who calls Muslims idiots, slanders them and ridicules them. LooooL ... you're too transparent. When you lie, do it in a smart way.
I’m a Christian & the Bible tells us not to judge, lest we be judged. So, basically mind your own business! Or “stay in your lane”, as Hannah so eloquently puts it. I love seeing an honest Christian woman on tv right now! #thebachelorette
You're all gonna look like idiots when Islam really does start a nuclear war in Nashville. I talked to the President of Islam earlier today, and he said that he definitely wants to fuck up Nashville. Muslims HATE Nashville. Look that shit up. It's in the Qu'ran.
Do u know anythg abt Humanity sir? As per u everythg is alright in India whn ppl r being Attacked &amp; Lynched bcoz of the relgion or caste thy belong to? I know Jihad &amp; types forms of it. Good &amp; Bad both! But does it mean wht Hinduvta Terrorists r doing to Minorities is right?
Indian Christian Woman's Right to Property - https://mynation.net/docs/christian-womans-right/
These people are heartless ... you should read some tweets under @koenamitra tweet.. what anti Muslim they are .. bloody idiots
Those kids are brainwashed similar to those #jihadi #Terrorists who can easily brainwashed and used as #HumanBomb. Gens of even all Pakistani are similar. Those who believes in humanity can definitely coexist, but it is not possible to live with those follow #jihad #terrorisme
@TheInfoIslam Daesh murdered three thousand unarmed Ezidi civilians in cold blood and enslaved their women.  You want sympathy idiot?
If you are really a Dr and a devoted muslim I don’t know if you are an idiot or blind
@truaemusic Again you are an idiot. "Others did bad things, so we have to ignore the barbarity of Islam,"
"Ram is Allah" IF you can get a practicing Muslim to say this, I will accept the rest of what your father says. IF you can't then delete this video because I had to really refrain myself from calling your father a delusional senile idiot.
For you fucking idiots that think America oppresses you. China sent up to 1 million Uighurs (Muslims) to "re-education" camps for “sins” like eating Halal food or growing beards longer than Beijing allows. Some are even executed. That was in 2017.
Plus, you are so ignorant I can not even believe. You are from greece idiots. 100 years ago, everything defines you were still about east YET you don't even know ALL 10th,11th,12th centuries are about muslims translating ancient texts and they enter Europe through Arabic &amp; Latin.
@ImranKhanPTI idiot khan you can’t stand it when India has decided to give your Muslim country a reply and continues to do so, it’s okay when you are committing atrocities in India and no one says or stands up to you.
Instead of wasting his family wealth on terrorists and living in caves, Osama should have bought @nytimes shares ! Then he would be writing weekly editorials on how Jihad is the best thing that happened to humanity and American president is actually the devil in disguise !
@obsurfer84 @teenage Let people look at the polls that Muslims answered and see that they come from hate. http://t.co/j2BAMNBzi4
I say what I do as someone who was verbally and almost physically attacked by a christian woman who believed that because I am queer, her religion gave her the right to do so.
Patriots I have to ask a favour my sister has real bad fibromyalgia she is in a lot of pain she is fighting Social Security could you guys please pray for her she is a great person she writes books good Christian woman she just needs a lot of help and prayers right now thanks
Lol my friends(even close friends)teases me if I carry bomb all the time,because I being a Muslim .. you idiots just want to spread bad vibes, stop complaining just to get some Likes from the already hateful people
I don’t know him personally you idiot but I’d say he’s Muslim
Idiot, Extremist sunnis kill Shias. Extremist Shias kill Sunnis. Do they represent the bigger community? No, of course not. It's tragic you are still behind and ignorant when it is 2020. Muslims are already hated in the west, don't create the problem within too
Next time an Islamophobic idiot tells you that he has many Muslim 'friends', ask him if he went to any Anti-CAA protests with them?
Chick-Fil-A has a right to donate to any high profile Christian organization it pleases. Unfortunately, they gave into these radical far left groups falsely accusing Chick-Fil-A of being anti-LGBT. Contact Chick-Fil-A &amp; show your support at 1-866-232-2040. Tell them how you feel.
X killed Y so oppose X but support those who murdered ABCDEFG.... Coz here the murderer follows Islam! And u show ur fake secularism here by supporting Islamic terrorism. Shame on u!
Why Russia Can’t Be America’s Ally: What Putin Doesn’t Want You to Know About Moscow’s Persecution of Christians and Support for Radical Islamists. Russia “a reliable ally” to the “Islamic world.” a litany of radical Islamic regimes and tyrants.
I cleared my views and I don't think that I ignored any of the topic.u used a term Islamic terrorism.can u use a term hindu terrorism for goons who are not muslims no.coz that will be against ur mentality.sorry I found u so hypocritical.
It isn't the country whats racist look closer to home you idiot see what happened to your mom cause she got.with a.muslim?
@discerningmumin Unfortunately, real Islam, as defined in the Quran and Hadith, is too backwards and inhuman even for most ME Muslims.
@LadyVelvet_HFQ shameless #stopkillhuman shame on u shameless princess why r u quit on Islamic terrorism shame shame
RT @PatDollard: #ISIS using retarded kids as suicide bombers is nothing new. When I was in Ramadi they rolled one in a wheelchair at us. Ha…
Honestly, the main reasons I'm not strong in my faith right now is because of May (a Christian friend) leaving the way she did. And then my mom (a Christian woman) cheating on my dad. It's more of the latter, but to say my faith didn't falter when May ended things would be a lie.
Idiot when you put that mark on product it means that company has paid it to some mulla for certification. That is what people are boycotting. Atta is not muslim.
Even if Aya was a non Muslim I would still donate, support and RESPECT her name. A sister has passed away and you twitter idiots are fighting over her beliefs.
@FarooqSumar @CPMacL2008 @AliasHere Norm only got the book wrong. It should say Quran, since Muslims have been doing that for centuries.
@nader_haq @MadDr11 @MaxBlumenthal These Muslims are babies are trained to kill, scum. http://t.co/jaWq72xkfF
Oh yes absolutely. Like if people are taking this as an opportunity or an excuse to criticize Catholicism they're idiots. People need to realize that power is the problem in any given situation, not religion. Bc you can just as easily find examples of Catholics (or Muslims) being
I have many Jewish friends, who have moved to Pres. Trump's support, feeling that the Dems have switched to supporting anti-Israeli causes. None would deny that Jews and Christians are friends. Or that Israel &amp; Judaeism are under attack by radical Islam.
Sir I just want 2 ask u r u ok wd all d killings &amp; demonizing of 1 community?? Is ur hate dat strong? &amp; please don't come up wd radical islamic terrorism no person including Muslims in their right senses support it or ever will..r u comfortable turning a blind eye 4m d truth?
@jncatron @dailydot Show me your posts about the Christians murdered on blasphemy charges pig.
@AhleFars And you can only get highly educated people out of a free modern society, not a 7th century one based on superstition.
Are you serious????? Did it work out last time? Besides, we are secular, religious conflicts barely happen. Also that doesn't solve the problem of anti Muslim speech idiot
Carry on man you serve the very purpose of defending Ismalist Terrorism in the name of Jihad . Things which terrorist country like Pakistan practices in my country is no Jihad but utter shameful bloodshed of humanity, people like you are giving them platform to spread venom.
You misread. I waspointing out that prejudice regarding religion is bad. I also happen to know a muslim guy who is quite cool and we're friends. I also know a guy of same creed who is a total idiot. That does not mean i have prejudices like "that is one typical Muslim idiot".
Yes government shall ask you to do it just before the general election. Till then all our idiot people shall forget Covid19 miseries and government will be in election campaign mode with India and Pakistan or hindu and Muslims. Welcome.
I am a Christian woman and mother of 4 and I grew tired of the hypocrisy on full display in the U.S. today. Have dedicated my life to serving disenfranchised people who are worthy of help and rights bc we are all made in His image. He is love not hate.
How many young black men have lost their lives at the hands of young black men in 2020 alone? Black lives don't seem to matter that much at all How many white girls have been raped by pakistani muslim men? Is this the "wrong sort" of racism? You're a virtue signalling idiot
Isis terrorist group did what is mentioned in this ayat. Isis attacked cities and kidnapped non-muslim women like Yazidi women and sold them like slaves and r*ped them. Isis were applying what is written in quran and hadiths.
Rob I wish you and EVERYONE a wonderful day. To be clear that's EVERYONE. I say LIVE AND LET LIVE. I hope you agree and stand beside me as we support ALL people from BULLIES!
If u r against radical Islamic terrorism, u r islamophobic. Yes, I M.
Christians in Sri Lanka continue to be vulnerable, as radical Islamists have vowed to continue their attacks on Christian churches. Thanks to your support, our partner NCEASL has been able to give immediate help to some of the wounded, as well as the families of those killed.
Here comes a person in defence of Islamic terrorism Hide Otherwise secular shivsainik will see u And make your butt red
I am offended though. I am offended because y'all really think a not clear brown book is automatically the Quran. My holy book. Girl, My Quran is GREEN!! istg they're not all brown and old. and you idiots who aren't even Muslim or Christian have no right to say we are offended.
There is humanity of jamatis but my creative #terrorist.love jihad. Bad opinion created #GodiMedia media
Do you think it's responsible of you to put a visible Muslim woman in a scarf as the face of this negative covid19 story which has no mention of her or Muslims in it? These same women get attacked by idiots who are brainwashed by seeing negative stories linked to Muslim women.
You know why Muslims don't complain about others taking their women? Because it rarely happens. While all you idiots complain that Muslims take your women and make all sorts of conspiracy theories.
@BabaKristian @MuftahOrg Lol. You think there are no probs for people who don't tow the main stream line in Muslim c. http://t.co/yZdJhnFQen
U got azadi in 1947 .. Go to pakisthan.. The world need freedom from Islamic terrorism now. Enough is enough
I always support all cultures and religions However I draw the line when it comes to Radical Ideologies posing as a religion who thrive from Killing Christians Support Practicing Terrorism Raping Children Bashing women Burning our flags and attacking patriots etc
Muslims lived matter too you idiot.
Rules are so wage. Suppose I tell a fact. Muhammad married to a 6 year old child. A paedophile can do it. How will you tell this thing in other words? Muslims provoked on it and mass report. Idiot twitter suspends me on it. What should I tell? Greatest man raped a 6 yr child!
Can you imagine if Christians came together like that 5 times a day? As long as New Yorkers continue to vote Corrupt Dirtbags into office this situation will only get worse.Ppl need to realize Radical Muslims dont give a damn about Americans regardless of which party you support.
So how to support justice from the initial problem? It morphed into all that and became radical. People and Christians want to support legitimate justice.
RT @TRobinsonNewEra: If you harbour any doubts about what % Muslims believe sharia note this data 36%/310.5 million nontrivial http://t.co/…
@dankmtl @PeaceNotHate_ One thing about Muslims, they want to exterminate everyone who is not a Muslim. They are doing it around the world.
Does the Quran precludes women from human rights or adherents did? What’s clear is both religions limit the place of the woman spiritually and physically, whatever the Christian woman has achieved today in terms of liberation is just social rebellion against biblical injunctions
