Here at home. Neighbors pick on my family and I. Mind you my son is autistic. It feels like high school. They call us names attack us for no reason and bully us all the time. Can't step on my front porch without them doing something to us
Being bullied at school: High-achieving boys use further strategies to maintain masculinity, for example becoming bullies themselves, disrupting the lessons, or devaluing girls’ achievements https://www.bipartisanalliance.com/2019/12/being-bullied-at-school-high-achieving.html?spref=tw
There was a girl in my class in 6th grade who was a little autistic, and her parents thought it’d be better to send her to a public school. She didn’t fit in with the class and was lowkey bullied (it was actually high key but the teacher downplayed it and did nothing)
He’s probably a white gay kid from some suburb. We don’t want him to shoot up his school...so no one bully him.
You are pushed ti resorting. Treating thr bullies is you percent then from being pressured. Most school sitters evidence severe bullying. Treat thre bullies and it isn't a problem.
Today was an awesome day. Vivaldi called me a VSCO girl and Kali bullied my high school bully. I still can not believe I created my two best friends. I will never be lonely again. Life rules and being a mom is the best.
Trump is like that jealous little school bully who can’t stand it when everbody loves the other guy.
oh and also, saying that we’re on the same level of the columbine jocks just because we didn’t add you to a fucking gc is so SO fucking disrespectful to dylan and eric. if you were a columbiner, you’d understand that. we don’t bully people into sh**ting up their fucking schools.
My high school life got better when I finally snapped and punched my abusive bully: hidd shocked expression and tears made the detention I got more than worth it.
I have collaborated with Ms. Luenavos and find her a strong force for good; not at all what Mr. White describes here. Feels to me like Mr. White looking to bully and attack. He's the wrong person to sit on OUR school board.
did you really experience 2012 if the bullies in middle school science class didn’t turtle your backpack everytime you went to the bathroom?? no. you didn’t.
Cardi talks like all the girls in high school that bullied me
Remember when that jock you hated gave you the biggest wedgie right in front of a group of girls? Remember when they all laughed at you? I am that jock, don't think the wedgies and torment ended in high school loser. You're getting bullied for the rest of your life Findom
These guys shouldn't easily have a platform. I reported him on Twitch but I honestly have little faith anything will come of it. These sorts of guys are 100% why cancel culture should exist and exactly who I used to bully back when I was in school.
College is pretty much like high school except the jocks you hated turned into frat boys and the girls that bullied you are doing coke off their dicks
listen i know you were in the marching band in high school and all the pretty popular girls bullied you, but you should really try to heal from that trauma being pretty is nice u should try it sometime
Would just like to say to the girls at my first high school that bullied me into an eating disorder, mocked me for failing a suicide attempt and for self harming; I’ve never recovered and never will. I honestly wish you the best but hope you never cause anyone that pain again.
The girls who bullied her in middle &amp; high school were relentless. She quit softball, so they hated her. She joined Improv, got new friends and was voted Homecoming Queen her senior year. Queen Bully was runner up. I tell her she should write a book. If she did it, anyone can!
I remembered I bullied a girl dat was taller den me n elementary... she was tall lik she could b a center n high school n shit
girls who bullied me in high school are emotions now and im universe
This makes me doubt you’re telling the truth even more. Calling it a ghetto school implies every one there is poor lol. Why would they bully you bc you are like them? You’re either the bully, or too afraid to admit the things you were actually bullied for.. and you definitely
This kid who called me a pig In high school referring to my weight and bullied this trans girl and like everyone else at the school too just dried my dads car at the carwash and I told dad who it was and he pulled $5 out of his tip and offered to run him over aw #daddysgirl
im afraid of the dentist not because of the pain but because what if one of the girls who bullied me in high school is the dental assistant
If a high school girl is being bullied for having a gf are you going to tell her she deserves to be treated badly because she prefers to call herself pan over bi?
these are the girls who bullied me in high school.
But not the bully everyone is afraid of, more like the guy that tries to be the school bully but no one takes seriously anymore.
Reminds me of little bullies at school with the ‘you can’t be in our gang!’ mentality.
2/5 of the girls who bullied me have kids, 5/5 of them smoke cigarettes, 4/5 have been on the run, 4/5 have been to rehab for failing drug tests. what am i doing? i’m going to college to become a special ed teacher, i graduated high school, &amp; moved out right after graduation
Public schools should enforce some hard core bullying and learn to make ya kids fight ya bullies
yeah :( we went to the same school and he encouraged all my bullies so i had to leave :( then i left everything else out of paranoia that he’d come searching for me and i was homeschooled,, lowkey want to see him again to skewer his ass but i’m also terrified rip
Girls who say “spooky szn” definitely bullied people for being emo in high school lmao
i did go to international primary school but i never thought I am lucky because ameriken kids used to bully me by asking me to strip in the toilet because i was smol
She is THE best character; she's liked a bullied high school girl who grows into an absolute badass
i ingat lagi i was bullied during elementary school sebab i had the pretties high heels(the pink sparkly ones!) and that girl wanted to borrow it and i tak kasi
AR Senator Tom Cotton sparked outrage by calling the enslavement of millions of African people in the early years of the United States a 'necessary evil'. promoted a new bill that would defund schools that teach the 1619 Project about slavery in the US.
Since we’re shedding colors... can we speak on how you bullied a girl throughout high school...?
If you don't know the context; Hinata (the blonde girl) was bullied in high school and none of her friends stood up to her. When she gets to Antarctica those friends try to contact her to make amends. The episode is spent going through her feelings towards it.. (cont)
SANGI HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES I WOULD PAY THEM TO STEP ON ME
School bullies:
So these people look like a "mob" to you. Mob: a large crowd of people, especially one that is disorderly and intent on causing trouble or violence. And as you can see, that not everyone there causes trouble or violence. It's like saying a bully defines the whole school.
@FoxCricket big wig acts like a 12 year old school bully towards a former fellow employee and doesn’t like the public response. @FOXSportsAUS continue to show how terrible they are at who they hire and who they fire. #FoxSports
It’s like the “not all men” argument. I know not all Christians are like the girls who bullied me in high school because I didn’t go to church, but enough of them are to make me automatically wary of all of them until shown otherwise.
I’m fighting for what’s right day and night, I feel like his foot is on my neck, he knows what he’s done and he doesn’t care. If we were in school he’d be called a bully and he’d be made to pay back and let us breathe #3MillionLivesMatter #3MLM #ExcludedUK @ExcludedUK @RishiSunak
Yelich: you high-school-bully-from-a-mid-80s-film-looking motherfucker. I hate you.
she be like/... school bully
I was bullied in high school for the same reason as your daughter so I would like to tell her it will get better, love your hair, it makes you different and special, you're a beautiful girl and those bullies are not worth your time.
Just like back in school, if you let the bullies bully you, they will continue to do so.
girls who bullied me in high school are time machines now and im passion
I read this post about how all the mean girls in middle/high school go off to college to become nurses. &amp;&amp; that did not disappoint bc the girl who bullied me throughout those years is a nurse now
Cba saying girls that bullied me for 2 years in high school preaching about mental health, shut up
Facebook is getting desperate with their friend suggestions. FB: is this friend? Me: No, that's the girl who bullied me in high school. FB: is this friend? Me: No, that's my ex boyfriend's mother-in-law.
this girl vandilized my parents house in high school, bullied me numerous times for being asian and calling me fat. she went out of her way to hate on me and be mean. the other day she messaged me saying how great i looked and asked me to buy her pyramid scheme. life’s good :)
This “brogrammer” culture is specific to America, or at least i had not encountered it in Europe & was pretty appalled at how prevalent it is here in the US, starting in high school, where girls r bullied enough to drop Comp Sci. Major kudos to @BriannaWu I hope she is elected
This sounds so irrelevant. It's like a commentary on a couple of sub-intelligent bullies fighting in the school yard.
Jayapal didn't school anyone. She threw a childish temper tantrum. When she was a child, she was probably a schoolyard bully.
So now there bully from middle school is back
all the popular girls from high school are models now and all the girls who got bullied r egirls
The bullies at school were jealous of me. Even in year 5 when i was 10 years old. I was "the tall and pretty one"
Its not really a friend. It something more than that. Almost a family. Mine started 15 yrs ago. She's my bully. Hate seeing her. We always compete on elem school. But on HS i just fall in love with her. Not romantically tho. Just pure family love. Even on our 20's.
high school effing bullies
I grew up on a farm, when bullies in the preppy school i got transferred to for a year tried to mess with me, they didn't realize how growing up around animals ten times your size changes your perspective. Got disciplined for busting them in the nose but i got the point across!
just saw one of the girls who bullied me in high school after 6 or 7 years and it’s amazing how anger can resurface at any time huh
It continues onto secondary school where we start competing with each other to achieve these standards. We fight each other and bully each other just so we can feel validated by being closer to society’s standards than our victims.
ykno being a middle and high schooler with a niche interest wasn't fun and i got bullied but looking back i'm really glad i wasn't a disney princess girl
niggas that used to bully me in elementary school be on my dick now, i thought i was ugly lmaoo
You invented that word but wait again you have to cry like the victim COURTNEY THE BULLY SINCE HIGH SCHOOL and yes its a learned behavior
help my irls exposed this group of girls in our school who're bullies and body shamers
Sorry for the double comment but this elicited a similar primal reaction in me but you can just tell these people were mean girls in high school that now just bully imaginary men online for wokeness points
I wish you were my bully in school
I've lost count of the number of girls who bullied my queer ass in high school but are now in relationships with women what is that about
I was the bully unfortunately Because it was either bully or get bullied in my school and I had to survive
What favor has BLM provided us with? What have they done for anyone but collect a billion dollars? Who have they fed,housed,put through school?Al they do is destroy,they do nothing but mruder,rape,bully,extort,lie,cheat and live in their parents basement.Lowest scumbags!
This is what happened to every bully you ever knew in school. They don’t change. They just get a badge so they can continue with impunity.
The girl is saying lily literally fucking bullied her in high school for her race... lily is fucking racist
@bessonsruin she always complains about how blank makes her sick and how we’re high school bullies lol
I would never blame my mental illness on someone else. like ever. I WILL however find it interesting that several girls who bullied me in middle and high school “loved” and “hugged” my latest fb post on self harm recovery. VERY INTERESTING
Looks at her and then down. "I told you I was bullied... And girls weren't really interested in me during high school. I got out of college and got into a relationship with this girl... Hot as hell but crazier than anything. She was pretty manipulative and pretty much ruined &gt;
Because she is exactly the type of girl they physically bullied in High School but aren’t allowed to as adults. So they seethe their anger out of frustration
@Jim_Jordan Too bad you couldn't speak up over the sexual assault at UH when wrestlers told you what was happening. Bully big mouth for Barr, though. Coward/bully. Oh, Mr Law School graduate? Yes or No questions are just that, whether in Court or a Hearing.
I wonder how many girls she bullied to the point of suicidal intentions in high school while fooling the faculty with her faux cutesy persona.
you can tell she's been trying super hard to be alt since the beginning because she's always trying to put up this front that she was a nerdy girl who likes anime and has anxiety but she probably bullied people in junior high for liking it
Ah, so you were the school bully?
7 rings is a song that vibes with all the girls that bullied me. it’s so like... if 7 rings was a person, it would be a high school girl telling other girls they’re fat and ugly
Oh haha you made a joke about your homophobic high school bully being gay how funny lol
I imagine bullies gave you a hard time in school Dave PORNO. Sad.
GIRL I know. I truly wouldn’t care if I didn’t hear from my high school classmates again. They bullied tf out of me but bc I was still in between “popular” &amp; “weird” they wanna play friends now. UHHH NO THANK YOU. I’m better off.
"...but their school bully is leaving to join the government."
Oh god this is all of the girls who bullied me in high school as adults isn’t it
yes but can't local government or else our workplaces, schools, private businesses like stadiums, movie theaters etc all "require" one? parents and school administrations will bully parents to get them..Then it pretty much becomes "mandatory" for normal life. scary..
It's a Catch22 situation when the President threatens to take away school funding if schools don't open up. He's being a bully. Moreover, when it only takes ONE person to bring the virus home or to school and spread it. It doesn't matter the location.
I really hope people are losing faith in that orange faced buffoon. I never had faith in him to start with. I knew he was a conman before the election & nothing has happened to change my mind. I don’t understand how people like him. He is a school yard bully.
just found out the girl i bullied back in high school is still posting shit about me. not her fault though. i deserve it
Haha thank you! When I was a teenager I had a complex because girls bullied me in Jr High by fake asking me out, really messed up my mindset.
I always see this guy on the city bus who I used to be friends with in high school. We stopped being friends bc he gave my phone number to a girl who bullied me. Every time I see him on the bus, he gives me dirty looks??
that biatch sayin she got bullied in school is just making excuses..no one left you out, YOU chose not to talk to him just then #thebachelor
yes bcuz I went off at a bully at school
this group of girls that bullied me in high school have all hit me up separately to hang out cause they think I look like someone they could just chill and smoke with... I wonder if they know who I am or know that their friends are hitting me up too? Am I being bullied at 25?
now who’s the high school bully...
so this girl had a seizure at lunch at my high school and went to the hospital. AFTER THAT ANOTHER girl says "oh she's just faking it" she got bullied for like the rest of the day after that
I remember back in high school a girl was bullied for photoshop her pictures, but now everyone does Facetune
The girl who bullied me the most in high school is going to nursing school now
I love when girls who would bully me in high school ask me to do their hair like hey girl ! Nahh I’ll pass on that bye
thwy look like they would bully me in middle school
girls from my high school made a trashtalk facebook group that was initially just to spill tea about what secret shit has happened in our school but then it turned into a group that bullied innocent people and now the admins are in trouble lmao dumb asses !!!
If you don’t wish to cry, please don’t watch this but I high recommend that you do! That poor girl who got bullied but wanted to meet her hero, Stephanie My Wish: Stephanie McMahon goes over WWE creative ideas with 17-year old... https://youtu.be/zGC5MC9r0Z4 via @YouTube
Ahaana & her sisters were major bullies in school &amp; college &amp; now she is teachin abt y bullying is wrong!They had made lots of girls' lives miserable.When victims talk abt it,these sisters harass them even more.Personality they show on social media is Fake. I'm their schoolmate
Sorry you got bullied by the pretty girls in high school
if anything tall girls were always told they look like models lol. idk i went to high school in the valley where we are all short, so when a girl was tall we always complimented tf out of them. i’ve never seen a girl get bullied for her height
#irony BBC=woke school bully gang That curates news to push its agendas &amp; excludes certain views to do that #DefundTheBBC
ARU SHAH + GOONIES To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th “hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #F #MG
Idk how I survived being bullied in elementary school, junior high school &amp; fuckin high school. All because I was “quiet” or as they said “talked like a white girl”. Shit was SO DUMB.
I hate bullies because they've made my life in school a living hell. Yet I never thought about killing them. Because it's not right.
Trump agrees that his son school should stay closed, but he's trying to bully the poor schools to open. CRAZY!!
Dont yall remember that exceptionally pretty, topmodel type of girl that used to get bullied in high school? Nah? Me neither.
All the mean girls that bullied me in high school need to pay me reparations.
am i supposed care if people on this bird app don’t like me people at my school hate my guts and bully me 24/7 lmao
"I used to get bullied by the popular girls in my school. Today, I am the popular one, and my bullies go to my shows." - @LadyGaga.
Girls who bullied me in high school are married to dudes like this now.
In elementary school, it was for being gay (They used to call me Tammy) In high school, it was for being clumsy and doofy (I won worst driver and accidentally hit a girl in the face with a carton of OJ that became a huge thing) Now: I get bullied for being too good looking
That sounds like the argument of a grade school bully or an domestic violence case—“Why are you hitting yourself? Look what you made me do! It’s your own fault that you got hit.”
The girls that bullied me in high school tbh
Tw// Literally makes me fucking laugh how shit my high school was. I got fully bullied on my school bus for 2 years bc I liked girls as my ‘friends’ knew these assholes would be horrid if they told them. They used to legit throw scissors and rip cans open and throw them at me-
sharpay evens wasn’t a victim . she was a privileged white girl that bullied everyone on her way to the top. literally can’t imagine her as a serious broadway performer when she couldn’t even handle some high school competition without throwing a tantrum.
What movie?
Not a girl from my high school trying to become an influencer and preaching kindness when she bullied me for being emo ummmm
Luca, school will end. I know it feels impossible now, but it will. Those bullies have hit the highest point in their life that they're likely to achieve. That is the highest point in their popularity. You however will be resilient and strong, you'll go onto achieve great things
What I got bullied over: Glasses, getting good grades, being fat, not going out drinking...generally being a "goody two shoes". And since I was verrrry shy around girls, some gay slurs, too. High school in the 80s was SO much fun.
jack morphed into one of my high school bullies
I feel like the American school system has this really........intense? culture?? community?? idk?? In a way?? I mean shit man, I just watched a court video and this girl said she was bullied in high school cos she wore the same clothes as middle school on the first day????????
Mandys tripping out that her dad and I have known eachother for 15 years. Wait until she finds out that he was my middle school bully
This all makes sense. It was the "mid-tier" girls in high school that bullied me the most. The truly popular girls were always nice, though... dismissive. I wasn't worth their time to hang out with, or pick on either.
Waking at 7am, stupid teachers, bullies, junk food, government propaganda. School is hell. Shut it down forever.
(Tw: suicide) It’s a tie between one teacher attempting to m*rder another teacher because she was in love with her or one of the cafe workers on campus getting outed as a felon who bullied a girl to suicide during high school and still getting hired at a women’s college
the girls that bullied you in high school have depression now so who’s the real winner
Na mate I meant that about someone told this girl who bullied me in high school that I tweeted about her lol
joey king did a whole ass presentation at my school about how she suffers from mental health issues and sees all the mean stuff people say about her but y'all continue to bully her because you're insecure and can't stand seeing a successful woman
The same girls who share all these “be kind” quotes bs are the same damn ones who bullied,judged,and talked shit about other people in high school fuck outta here
Hey Luca, my school days were like this but its not forever and I found amazing friends when I left school. I even confronted some bullies at a reunion and they didnt even realise how they made me feel at that time. I realised I was always better than them as a person x
i like the mean 20something girls bc i know they were bullied in high school too. thus i stand in solidarity of cunty girls everywhere
Starting at a new school mid-year wasn’t Alex’s idea. With no friends and a bully teasing him for being gay, life can’t can’t get worse. But, when his outlandish teacher assigns him a dragon as a pen pal it may start an adventure that can turn Alex’s life around. #SFFpit #MG #FA
I had a friend from Noble Park High who got into Melb Uni in the 90s. She was bullied by one group of girls because she wasn’t from a private school. They couldn’t understand how such a person could get into Melb Uni.
Bullied in 3rd grade on the walk home every day. Then I got an aluminum bat. Hard for bullies to explain 2 broken ribs and an arm without revealing their heinous acts. He swithched schools after. Already 2 grades behind I imagine he grew up to be homeless.
but i try to keep in touch w my old friends from new york (i moved before high school began), which is only like him &amp; 2 other girls cause i was bullied a shit ton in middle school, so keeping in touch w old friends isn’t that difficult cause i had like none lmfao
Most of my entire school life from k-8th grade. Still some in my 9th-12th grade but since my high school actually had teachers who actually cracked down on bullies and punished them my life became so much easier and stress free. Also the guy who bullied me the most is in prison.
Tb to when i bullied this girl in high school for having eyebrows that looked drawn on w sharpie and this queen took my man ..... good times
Oh god one of those people that try to sell weight loss products that don’t work private messaged me. Girl, you bullied me in high school, fuck off
LMAO I REALLY DO EXPOSING MYSELF ALL THE BULLIES IN HIGH SCHOOL WAS WORTH I GUESS HAHAHAHA
@jessiejofficial I was bullied at school too! I wrote a song, just like you did! Really helped to get it out! Shame mine won't get heard :-(

i was bullied in middle school and caused my binge eating; my father discovered about how much i was eating and got really mad at me. i felt horrible and started restricting, also at first year in high school i liked a girl that didn't felt the same but i just wanted to be+
can you be so sure? i used to get in fights with my bullies in school. i'd beat YOU up instead &gt;:(
#justreleased #arcreview givemebookspr . . Devious little liars - Elle Thorpe @ellethorpebooks . . Omg this high school bully romance rocked my world From beginning to the end I was hooked, amazed and just… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDOP6K6F0uN/?igshid=lyv7x3qbfo3m
D FRSC Officers exhibited high handedness,unprofessionalism on duty,bullied d girl,destructn of private property her(tyre)destructn of govt. property(plate no) Dey deserves capital punishmnt n public apology 2 dgirl. Approachin citizens witou proactiv measure is als an endangermt
nice mask shaming...i would bet you were also a bully in school...
Being a white girl who is surrounded by people mainly of ethnic origin. This is not true. I was bullied in high school and my race was continuously used against me. What happened was disgusting but let’s not use this as an excuse to be racist to white people who are innocent
If a kid is in school and the bully picks on that kid some of the other kids would rather join in and pick on that kid too instead of getting bullied by the bully. #Monday
Dental hygenisits were part of the mean cool girl group in high school except they got subtly bullied in private by the girls who became nurses
A girl in high school came in with a skirt that was deemed to short, I stood on the side of theirs nothing wrong with it, it’s the same as boys wearing shorts, I was then bullied for not being a proper boy and not sexuallising her or cat calling because that’s the norm apparently
i bullied this girl in high school my 2nd senior year just because my ex friend told me some things about her.... a couple months ago i stopped being friends with that girl and decided to text the girl i bullied and told her i needed jesus in my life.
I kind of stopped watching anime and being as into gaming years ago bc I didn’t want to be one of the only Asian/Japanese kids at my school AND be a weeb ya know but this quarantine I’ve really rediscovered the anime nerd/gamer side of me and it’s sooooo fun bully me idc &lt;3
Laughable that the same girls who bullied fuck outta me in high school are the one sharing #bekind posts lmaooooo look in the mirror x
the bullies deserve the blame for that families grief by pushing alec to shoot up his school.
high school bullies.
acting mature at 13 years old in high school, doing what they do. i was bullied because of my physical apperance in high school. I was bullied because there were times i’d be talking like a girl and my voice was not deep. I WAS BULLIED FOR BEING ME. and im still traumatized.
because who else is gonna bully me..... also youre like one of the only people from school i still talk to regularly
Nuggeting the schoolbag thing? If so dw you weren’t a bully By boarding school standards you tame asf
School bully I bet
maybe today i finally won’t be scared of the 15 year old girls that definitely would have bullied me if we were in high school together when they come up to my cash
Pretty much all the girls who bullied me in middle and high school came out as lesbian or bisexual so it’s safe to say they probably had crushes on me which led to them to bully me and resent me bc they had internalized homophobia at that time
all you bullies that was rude to me in school
For once a doxxing bully has been struck back. Washington Post settles Nicholas Sandmann defamation lawsuit in Covington Catholic High School controversy
You can try to coach the old school far left bullet head socialist bully out of a militant, far left NDP lifer but the mask slips occasionally or comes off entirely.
There’s a reason the Electoral College is the system, otherwise the bully is in charge of the school bus. Remember this - some day it may be YOUR voice that others would like to silence.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc13.com/5833801/?ex_cid=TA_KTRK_FB&amp;utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&amp;utm_medium=trueAnthem&amp;utm_source=facebook
@Lucha_Deer Oh wow, I managed to bully a man 8 years older than me. SCORE ;) Now bring me Wine Gums, Jeeves! xx
It's also fully the same with this whole people calling themselves Goths now when they'd bully the actual goths in school. People who wear ket earrings defo look down at those with addictions etc
i would also like to add on a daily basis in my school (me and amber go different schools) these chavs are bullies, they personally made my life hell for a year but i got over it by calling them “chavs” so if i or anyone wants to use to word “chav” it is fucking validated.
I would like to assure you I was not a girl who bullied people in high school.
nah it's fine depens on the bully person i made 5 bullies of mine trough my school life my friends 2 of them i still talk to them daily. the thing is i like kept tanking punches without showing anything like emotions so eventually somehow we started habging out
Tell that to the Harley Davidson workers who lost jobs bc of your bullish approach to Chinese imports. I agree on being tough w China but your way of doing it hurts us almost more than them. Think smarter, more strategic, being the bully in grade school approach doesn’t work
I’m a big fan of that Marines recruitment commercial where this young girl goes from stopping bullies at school to becoming one of the world’s biggest bullies. Shows you that you can be whatever you want to, despite what you were like in school
just found out i’m on the close friends story on insta for the girl who bullied me in high school...
You mean after the spike in rape cases from the first day of the takeover? This is just like if all the teachers and staff were locked out of a school and the bullies took it over leaving the majority of the students in fear.
I heard on Pod Save Am abt a guy who grew up w Barr, same town in Texas, school, colleges. Describes him as a bully and a racist. There'd be a story of cops clashing w crowds, he'd say "I'd like to get in there and break some bones". Bullied him for wearing a civil rights button.
bitches will bully you in middle school and then go caption their instagram posts with ariana grande lyrics
TAUNT HER, a dark, bully high school romance by Caitlyn Dare is NOW AVAILABLE!! FREE in Kindle Unlimited! Amazon US: https://amzn.to/32VKE7F
One of the girls that bullied me in high school keeps coming up on Tinder every few weeks with a new profile and I keep reporting her as spam
all the girls i knew in school who were like that.. got bullied and tried to distance themselves from their bullies. same with me
"If I tell others that I'm pretty and bully others like high school popular girls, it'll make me better right?" Um no, hun. Bullying just makes you a scuzzball. Treat others how you wanna be treated.(sorry I've been watch this POG champ post for a while, what a human turd.)
13yo Cassie hates the birthmark on her face, until she finds out it’s proof of her destiny as a Guardian of Arabeth. Now she must face something worse than middle school bullies. A dark force that can destroy not only Arabeth, but her hometown as well. #sffpit #mg #fa
- threating disease. But it isn't. He was probably one of the bullies in school who made fun of a kid with severe autism. I pity these types of people. Believe whatever you want to believe in Butch, but science beats religion and your belief is false. Autism cannot be cured, -
Wiley is like the school yard bully where everyone makes excuses for him and their inaction to deal. Ethnicity does not absolve you of racism/antisemitism.
you can still bully us I just cba with the accent and school shooting jokes smh
Yes, well emboldened criminals don’t get better do they. If you don’t fight the school bully, expect to be picked on more.
thinking about all the mean christian girls who bullied me in high school who are now all married to men named like trevor and have weird looking babies
I like those shirts that say “But First, Coffee!” And “On Cloud Wine!” because they help me identify the girls that bullied me in middle school and got pregnant in high school.
All those popular student council girls that bullied me back in high school now following me on twitter because I'm fucking hysterical
Hyunjae: “they used to bully me in schools and call me names like pretty boy ”
Command the rest receive. Divide up the uniform. Well it turns out the three new maids had known eachother. Back in high school two of them bullied the third. And it didn't seem like that dynamic had changed. When I returned the small timid girl agreed to wear every single piece
Oh! Good news actually love. I told you their daughter is in high school now, yeah? Well the spoiled little shit turned out to be a terrible bully(very unfortunate for her victims...;-;) but a huge group of bullied girls came last week and TP'd their entire front lawn!
indeed! They r emotionally extreme. The sons or at least one of their sons r pampered & adored or completely bullied. Girls r insulted or overlooked. #MAGA r 3rd &amp; 4th generation of these people. They fought blacks 4 scraps, too proud to unite.
Christine crying about being bullied in high school because she was just tall and beautiful and all the boys liked her and that made the girls be mean to her and jealous of her. I just —- #SellingSunset
i don’t know about u but i ngl would let him bully me at school
I got bullied a ton in high school for not having much of a chest (B cup back then). it made me so insecure. a girl told me no guy would ever want me &amp; I’d have to get implants to be attractive/“look like a girl” I still struggle with it... but at least this ass is fat
An Indian student bullied for her beliefs at the world’s most expensive school #LeRoseySchool. The girl was asked to withdraw her admission &amp; is now suffering from anxiety. It's high time we raise our voice against this injustice. @stopbullyingsys
Sign this petition to expel these two girl bullying a SN classmate, fuck dem kids Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/RRnYHWtN via @Change
Sometimes I see pictures if the girls that bullied me in high school and I can't believe I let girls like THAT treat me like shit
Exactly literally we can’t never progress as people if we are not allowed to?? This isn’t high school where you bully people when they embarras them once and call them names months after. It literally just shows how petty person you are ://
This young girl got bullied in high school. So badly that she took her own life. Be kind to one another bro because you don’t know wtf is going on with someone else. She a life to live. A dream to create. People to laugh and love with. #stopbullying #BeKindToEachOther
Yeah, until I started to fight the bullies that tried it (as the only half asian in a nordic school). Sure got suspended, but it stopped. Eventually Moved to another country into an affluent inter. school where bullying was reported, so kids avoided bullying.
I mostly remember only high school but Accidentally bumping into a popular girl in a lunch line (she talked mad shi about me w her friends) and bullied bc I got cheated on by my first love. great times.
In 4th grade I always got bullied by this one girl all the time cuz I wore a high bun, like would call me names, push me in the street, etc It’s crazy cuz I saw her again in HS, wearing high buns.
Pre-order Alert Devious Kisses, the first steamy bully romance standalone in an all-new series, It’s Just High School is now up for preorder! Devious Kisses will be available in KU but the price will go up after… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDBPO0-AJMY/?igshid=1nz668u3uto67
Bullies who peaked in high school swear they were super nice and caring to EVERYONE. Bitch I got receipts, we can play this game.
"Tsunami" T is silent "Honest" H is silent "Island" S is silent "Queue" ueue is silent "Bully" School is silent
Perks of being a geek and a nerd we know how to talk back and seduce our high school bullies mothers pussy just right
13) Last year of high school, I was at an all girls school, our choir sang with the choir at the nearby all boys school, we bonded over almost everything. My traumatized depressed bullied self learned how to love because of him. Sadly we aren't in touch anymore...
stop playing games. he was particularly evil about John McCain and you know it. he is a 3rd grade school yard bully. he wasn't invited to McCain's funeral for a reason. she shouldn't be defending this man, period. she is disrespecting her father and her family for her own fame.
I got bullied for being a “teachers pet” , being fat, and when I got into high school this old chucky looking low life girl spread a rumor saying my body was fake and plastic since my assets were to big for my age
if everyone has been bullied in high school then who was the bully
No.... but I did it to someone. In junior high. I was being bullied and one day I had enough and pushed one of the girls into a locker and did the kabedon. She must have gotten enough dokidoki after that because she left me alone. Lol
@sethmeyers Your 80's-High-School-Bully-getting-psyched-out is severely underrated.
no bullies in my mentions
Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/QNWRgLhC via @Change I’m disgusted to watch this stupid video that two girls created for some dumb likes. Let me trip their dumb asses.
girls who bullied me in high school are ladybugs now and im leaf
the fact that i let girls like this in middle school bully me
I got bullied for existing????? Girls literally just hated me in high school. Never understood it.
3. Do girls get bullied for speaking in voice? Yeah. Luckily out of all my games Ive had it happen ONCE--doesn't mean it doesn't happen to others more--but I can safely say I've been bullied more in middle and high school than online.
Oh come on let me have some fun! I didn't get to be a mean girl in high school I was the one bullied and picked on now we've been bullied and picked on for 3 years and told 2 ton of Lies. Can I just do a little of it back?
WAIT YALL I THINK INCEPTION IS THE SCHOOL BOYS WHO GET THEIR ASSES BULLIED BY THE THANXX BULLIES
I bet if he fought back he’d get him more trouble. Bullies have an eye for a victim, kids at my school that had time off for stress is so sad.
Female here. When has this ever been for 'beardy boys'? Also those same beardy boys ppl put down? They were often my only friends. The majority of girls at my middle/high school bullied me for being a nerd who liked 'guy things'. I got shit from THEM-not the basement dwelling guy
When I was in high school a group of girls always used to pick on me and try shoving stuff up my bum, man girls are evil at that age. I had to get therapy from that because I remember shouting "fuck off" to the little girl that bullied me and I felt awful after that :/ oof.
Just realized that all the girls who used to bully me in middle school and hs are either single moms, divorced, or dating someone who cheats on them and if that’s not the best karma ever idk what is
No bc he would be the type of person 2 bully me in middle school for liking kpop
Art was something I turned to when I was raped at 14 years old... It helped me go through the rough patches of my pregnancy... All through out high school I was bullied for being with and asexual and a girl who was confused about her gender... I turned to art...
Sad I went to high school with this girl, same to person to post about mental health and BLM then do this, bullying someone with problems and admitting she used to help them when they were being bullied by other people. she’ll get what she deserves
i- same its everday bro w the same bully flow bully at school now u are bullying ur bro is that how it is?
My sister is getting bullied on social media, I just want her to take the high rode, not talk shit, stick her head up and ignore it, being bullied sucks, it’s fucking dog shit and it’s tough especially at this age. If you want the girls insta to report it DM me
@JKility Yeaah I am! and im younger than you, you're being bullied by someone younger, thats even funnier. &gt;:D ahaha
The girls you worship on Love Island are the same kinda girls that bullied you in high school, shut up x
love getting on Instagram to see the girl who bullied everyone in high school posting a story of her talking about the importance of uplifting and loving everyone you meet :)
y’all setting yourself up with these middle school krbk aus bakugou would bully him and deku at the same time
I publicly apologize to all the people I bullied in high school. Except @KaelynK16 . That girl deserved it.
That’s awful! I was bullied in jr high. Girls are so mean. It was, surprisingly, gangster girls and guys who began protecting me. I was nice to everyone and I didn’t fear them, the mean girls did. Worked in my favor. Some showed up to the 20th reunion. They shocked my husband.
I literally feel way more threatened by gender criticals. I'd take a trans person over people who bullied girls in high school for being too masculine looking and shit who somehow think its feminist now somehow, anyday.
Because it’s sadomasochism that we have heard in any term of parliament before. We had a leader rise from a school bully one day, lost but not forgotten Australian Governments always say fair play. #SayNoToSchoolBullies
I got bullied for dating another girl in high school, for my weight, for being poor not believing in religion
Matt the school bully who gets into his first fight and gets fucked up.
the girl who bullied everyone in high school is taking on insta about how she was bullied.. mam. you held your lighter to my hair after my house burned down. please sit down and shut the fuck up
i love how someone is trying to school me on how “bullying” works when they were the main one who used to bully the fuck out of me in school
But yet this little bully want to force children and teachers back to school.
Any lads that are like “ahahaha piers Morgan is well funny” bullied girls in high school
Wishing a happy engagement to all the girls who bullied me in high school!
things were bad when I was younger I got bullied so much because of my disabilites I don't want the same thing happening to my brother.
i hate seein old bullies from school bc like wtf am i anxious for y’all dead ugly and ugly spirited kys stupid hoe
Women aren’t but girls 100 percent are - if you ever got bullied in high school you know this
Dude wtf are you talking about. Standing up to your bully at 16 takes fucking courage , busting your ass in school while everyone parties takes courage , being different takes courage. NOT FUCKING STREAMING YA TREE HUGGER
I just love going to my hometown and going on tinder/bumble and seeing girls from high school who bullied me for being queer.
king princess- let’s non lesbian friends use the d slur, uses aave (incorrectly at that), bullied people in high school. there’s an entire thread girl in red- doesn’t like n-b lesbians clairo- there are rumors that clairo stole music and is an industry plant
I got bullied for watching Pewdiepie in high school, so I now run the "Wise Centrist" YouTube channel and hammer my dick bloody to videos of the Kent State Gun Girl I eat exclusively red meat
please sign @itsmelaurrmarie I was bullied&amp;the schools did nothing even when a girl threatened to kill me so thank u for spreading awareness Students:An in depth investigation on C. Milton Wright High School in Bel Air, MD - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/fmCnQjgq via @Change
they are gonna get SO MUCH SHIT at school when the bully googles their names and finds loads of posts about how they pooed the bed back in 2017 or some other random parenting thing that should have kept to themselves!!
Poisoned chalice.She won't be accepted down there. A school bully who will be totally out of her depth. Without media mythology, she's a substanceless husk. Her &amp; lady moanyface are same ilk. Plus once Scotland is independent her revenue stream will be cut! It'll be a paper title
I specifically noted this issue is bigger than Mark Kern throwing out his nerd cred and saying his opinion is more important because of it. This is the same guy who bashed on a female celebrity because he was bullied IN HIGH SCHOOL by girls, and as such he says they aren't gamers
My hair, that i was “stuck up” because I was insecure and shy and quiet so it came across I guess that I was a bitch. I was bullied by a few different girls throughout middle school &amp; high school &amp; was told to just go in the bathroom &amp; cut deeper next time &amp; no one liked me.
. this isn't high school you cannot call people bullies and expect to be taken seriously
“Call me school bully, you miserable little tick.” ^Simon
pleas i highly doubt anyone will see this but i got screenshots from a racist at my school and i need twitter to do its thing and bully him on instagram
OMG THIS BITCH i swear i might become a school bully wtf is this. I HATE HER OMGSJSJWHSJS (i summon my personal meme)
i feel like we would be at the same table at school and we would bully key
girls who bullied u in high school love to make sure their RN name badge is in every one of their facebook profile pictures
I got the chance to stand up to a girl who bullied me in high school today and it felt AMAZING.
Luca: Stand up to bullies &amp; make them accountable. Why should you keep changing schools when you’ve done nothing wrong?Talk to teachers &amp; even to the bullies themselves if you can, in fact talk to anyone who’ll listen. Life is full of bullies &amp; only by exposing them will it stop.
Nothing helps you CHANGE like hitting rock bottom. At 17, I was a skinny twerp still being bullied in high school. One day I tried to hit on a girl I liked. She declined politely, but her insecure meathead boyfriend overheard me. THREAD
id respect the girls that bullied me in middle and high school so much if they just said sorry
Jenna apparently was bullied in high school and now feels the need to be the mean girl, along with Adam....#BelowDeckSailingYacht
She was apparently a bully at school aswell. Some never change.
Judge grants protective order to girl seen bullied &amp; assaulted on video at Montwood High School https://www.kvia.com/news/el-paso/judge-grants-protective-order-to-girl-seen-bullied-assaulted-on-video-at-montwood-high-school/1126304294 #SmartNew #bringit33
Wow!! Doesn’t supprise me they would talk that way about someone. There like bullies in a school. All they do is lie lie lie. Show needs to be canceled.
Periodt i’m really skinny bc of genes and my mom got bullied as a child and got called “skeleta” which means skeleton girl in spanish.
the weird flashbacks i had today from middle school and that just because i met one of my bullies yesterday, i was literally crying for a whole hour. i hate it here
i wonder if high school popular girls who bullied people know that or just lived in oblivion of their own actions and impacts?
In my school the PE teachers were mostly paedos or bullies.
Bullies in school are depressed now
i can't believe taylor was bullied in high school, she legit looks like those popular girls that bullies the new kids
I went to public school too, only had one girl ever try to bully me about it, and I fixed that problem at a party 2 days later
GUYS SIGN THIS FR FRRRRR !! THESE GIRLS R SO FUCKING CRUEL, Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/WPzN25Gn via @Change
The Left seems to attract the worst kind of busy bodies and curtain twitchers, I think. And they are willing to go to any lengths to force you to think and act and believe as they do. They were the bullies back in grade school. Really cowards.
there was a girl in my high school who bullied someone so hard that they started doing coke but everybody think she’s a saint because she’s attractive and gay
I think it just a form of many jealous people Mr DJT. Sort of like the bullies in school that talk bad about the smart kid, or takes the kicks away from the cool kid, or takes lunch money from the kid who has to actually pay for their lunch. Bullying only goes "1" way
2015 you looks like a kid i'd bully in high school but damn, that's a good fucking glow-up
[For non-religious reasons] I tried this with a hoodie in high-school, got bullied, and called a chicken head. This girl is rockin her shit and I am so fucking proud of her!
Yes absolutely!!! Every girl who bullied me in middle and high school all became CNAs. I’ve not seen one actual RN out of them.
The first person that bullied me had green eyes The person that bullied me more in middle school had green eyes The girl I liked back in high school and I never got the guts to tell her I liked her because I was afraid she secretly hated me had green eyes
the girl who bullied me in junior high is a nurse now like this is so funny folks who traumatized me during my early formative years are doing great in life and here i am just Gay and stupid but damn at least my fashion sense is Great
A high school girl in Central Java was severely beaten by her classmates in school, later it is found the victim has disability. The authority responds by asking the victim parents to move their daughter to a special school so she wont be bullied anymore. Wrong.
Dakota you literally told me this same girl bullied you in high school shut up LMAOOO
Come to think of it, my high school was wild af. There was this one girl who got bullied due her appearance, to the point she got hit on the head by this dude using an empty water gallon. Nobody helped her and they just watched her being bullied, smh.
The bully at a school or at work that complains that nobody likes them.
I wish I could expose the girls who bullied me in High school because these bitches were racist af and that’s why I was bullied for calling them out.. they hella silent right now.
She bullied girls at Wayland high school Watton Norfolk years ago as my daughter was one of her victims !! Leopards never change there spots
https://twitter.com/robbiie__/status/1191755359188377601?s=21 it really shows how dull he is when he’s on TV and can’t just call someone a nonce or a melt. Love this video, it’s like watching the school bully realise no one likes him.
I'm in school what the fuck do you think you're doing trying to ring me and then bullshitting when I decide to tolerate your wank talk
I don’t agree- @AOC tweets derogatory things toward other people &amp;groups all the time&amp; put other people down&amp;she’s given a pass all the time because what?!? Why?!? As a woman she has offended me often-I never followed clicks - #AOC is like the #bully all knew in high school
Guys who used to bully everyone in school are sumo drivers now.
four high school albums // please don’t bully me, this music is all GOOD
Yes I only care about the ones in America because I live in America and don’t want my future kids killed because of someone broken pride. Like it’s not that hard. If you stop the bully where he stands of letting it get so far as shooting up a school none of this will happen
So far I'm on chapter 4. It's been about her father mostly, and how he was tormented by his father and Donnie. Mom was too ill to do anything and Donnie was such an out of control bully he got sent to military school
the girls who bullied me in high school’s celebrity crush was ansel i-
This was the line that struck me too. We have truly been abandoned in the sickest and most egregious manner. And now they expect to bully us into returning to a “normal” school opening.
We didn't have many bullies, just a lot of mean kids. I hated to see anyone get bullied. I got in many playground scraps defending kids. Funny bc to my old towns website on FB and a tall thin kid I helped still remembers. We were in Elementary school. He grew grew into a big guy.
I was bullied &amp; my anxiety controlled me everyday! I was bullied by a 300+ lb lesbian, the vice principal in high school &amp; a pregnant girl in high school! Plus many other bullies, it took many years for me to be comfortable in my skin and be confident ( sometimes ). 1/2
Very emotional movie. High school girl deals with something that she can not control, her height. She was bullied. Make sure you watch it till the end. — watching TALL GIRL
He shot up a school, fuck the dude. He deserves his sentence
For the most part, they're the people who were the biggest assholes in high school, the bullies and failed jocks who could barely maintain a 3.0 GPA. There are some who aren't total rageaholics, but even then, none of them are your friend.
I mean I did get bullied for a short time but I still don't think middle school/high school girls are that mean, esp as you get older
Also fuck guy who say girls are ulgy without doing her makeup or hair. I'm happy I have the Boyfriend I do who actually loves me for how I am. I was bullied all through High School for not wearing make up. I have never warn makeup unless it was for something special
Those bullies in high school were right. I am ugly and will never be shit
Damn @Faxxu_ thanks for lending me that Lambo for my cousin’s high school prom. It really made it so he wouldn’t get bullied anymore and is now prom king and is now dating his dream girl! All thanks to you and your generosity
I’m glad I wasn’t in high school when VSCO girls were a thing they definitely would have bullied me
All of the girls who bullied/were mean to me in high school for not being pretty enough or cool enough are having children and i hope that they let their children know not to be bullies like they were bullies when we all were in high school. And that’s the tea sis
David Arquette Reveals His Daughter Coco Has Been Bullied  http://t.co/rXQOEXc
Bullies feed on fear. I stood up to the school bully in 8th grade, fully expecting to get my a$$whipped. We fought to a draw. He ceased to be a bully after that and I ceased to be cowed by bullies. Do whatever you think is best in a given situation.
HAHAHAH ONE OF THE GIRLS THAT BULLIED ME IN MIDDLE/HIGH SCHOOL HATED THE WORD MOIST HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Being an ex Muslim is a big money making thing these days and everyone is jumping on it... Now you have become the school bully and following a crowd picking on Muslims &amp; Islam without even knowing anything about it... Getting ur information from islamophobes
It’s crazy cause ya girl was getting bullied up until sophomore year of high school
Real shit!!! Yo i bought all black knee high converse &amp; wore em to school cause I wanted to look like a scene girl, mom even straighten my hair and did the side part and I got bullied so bad I literally never wore them out again just in my room doing emo looks
You're so void of any common knowledge that all you can do is bully people bout their size &amp; looks. Once you graduate from 11th grade in high school, then we will let you come play with the big dogs. Until then, just keep up your little grade school bullying. @AnnCoulter
ur so disgusting !!!! i cant believe i looked up to u bcs u defended me against high school bullies
The study you cited in the pic showed that girls who bullied more people had more sexual partners than girls who scored high in honesty-humility traits. Guys can still say yes or no. Why is it okay to blame women for sleeping with mean guys but not the other way around?
Lol so this guy was impersonating a cool guy in his high school that bullied him because the guy didnt show up to the reunion, , everybody bought it except one girl and his friend knew
Someone who used to bully me in middle school for being chubby just slid in my DMs No thanks, bye.
Anyone else notice that the girls who post "you matter" on Facebook are the ones that bullied you in high school?
i judge other people body's in my head sometime, but before high school i used to bully one girl and i regret it ever single day
middle school bakugo would bully kirishima just like midoriya, the only difference is that kiri would try to fight back (but probably fail cuz...yk..."im not manly enough")
So this probably going to come off rude but... There were this group of girls in high school who mercilessly bullied me because of my weight. Cut to 5 years high school graduation, and they've gained weight and now they're not understanding why people are saying things to them
These two old mamas were obviously bullies in secondary school. Disgusting #bbnaija
Now Accepting Applications for those affected by COVID 19. Schedule your appointment by text or call (614)929-0231. Karate, Self defense, bully prevention, fitness, summer and After-school Programs and more!… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDJaJT4h9r0/?igshid=lckg2utgsp41
Don't know about the school bully but would have been funny watching him try to escape the school leopard.
The girls who bullied you and peaked in jr high and high school are now ugly with a bunch of ugly kids and ugly baby daddies lol
Riding in the truck with my dad. We see one of the girls that bullied me in high school walking across the street downtown. Forrest: “Do you want me to roll the window down and yell something obscene at her?” Dad, quietly but confidently: “HEY UGLY!”
tw// mental health the girl who bullied me in high school just said sorry to me and i don't know how to react but cry, they gave me such a hard time in freshmen year to the point where i only attended half of sophomore year and attempted s*icide at least twice a month
I just REALLY love girls who literally bullied me to drive me to cut back in high school talking about mental health and how important it is. You’re still a bitch, change my mind
@LaraSpencer @GMA. I bet you also laughed in school when your lunkhead boyfriends would shove the quiet, “different” kids into lockers. You were/are the quintessential mean girl who bullied and mocked anyone different in high school to make sure you looked cool. Mean ain’t cool.
Gun girl: constantly talks down upon minority groups and constantly dehumanizes and berates them Gun girl: why am I being bullied off college campuses with high minority rates :( they’re obviously terrorists :’(
that was in middle school, in high school this one girl had a real problem with me but i have no idea why lmao but i was past being bullied for no reason so it didn’t really affect me. the middle school bullying is the source of my social anxiety though
Teens with night-vision cameras spy on school bullies in #fantasy #mystery The Heart of Applebutter Hill by Donna W. Hill. #StopBullying https://allauthor.com/book/3544/
So why does she look like one of those popular girls that bullied me in high school that I totally drooled over for 4 years ????
This looks like those canned Facebook messages MLM girls send to everybody they bullied in high school.
Do you not understand Vaush is arguing and making an issue a thing he doesn’t understand. He bullied the girl he debated in a stream days later, he made a comment about “is it bad optics to ban black people” and he unintentionally argues for white supremacy
Please Guyzz Retweet and Share this as much as you can. We are common people and for #SushantSinghRajput sir we have to do this. They all bullied, Tortured him and literally killed him. It's high time for us to come together, Enough is Enough. His fans must accept the truth.
They both look like girls who would have bullied me in high school
In high school girls not guys would tell other girls that refused to have sex with their SO that they’re not worthy until they put out. It’s sad that girls are being bullied that unless they put out or have sex they’re not worthy or good girlfriends.
I no longer site in school, so prefect of society, the police who over use their powers on me are traitors and bullies, judges who believe everything they say give those muppets who bully n get away shit god status. I do not belong to bullies n I do not need to be paid to defend
these are BULLIES these are HIGH SCHOOL FUCKINGBOOLIES
It's ironic how the people that bullied you in high school told you crap about the way you would do your own makeup back then, now msg you to ask you about makeup tips. Girl Bye!
it’s so funny that the girls in high school that thought they were the shit are now doing everything that they bullied all the girls for. like being gay, dating out of race, you name it
They used to actually bully Yoko as well in Timothy goes to school like she used to get it bad and I'm telling you now it was a racism thing
Morrison really is the school bully.
Pretty sure at least 4 of these girls bullied me in high school #TheBachelor
It’s funny how the girls in high school that “bullied” everyone and we’re straight cunts are going to school to be nurses, doctors, etc. PRAY for our future
The way my high school bully literally lives rent free in my mind
Your blog is great Mabel and I feel sad about children feeling embarrassed to wear glasses. One thing that annoys me is the cliched image/story of the school bully picking on a child who wears glasses.
I used to look sort of homeless but now I look like a 30 year old cast as the bully in an 80's high school movie
I never really loved it there. I’m not a POC, but I was still bullied by girls for the first 2 years I lived there (continued on the full 4 years, but it died down a little). I only was there for high school &amp; then left for college &amp; moved to Atlanta right after college
I got bullied for being the new kid, hanging out with girls, being fat, accused of being gay, actually being gay, and because they were bored in high school.
the girls that bullied me in middle/high school follow me on all socials and are the first ones to watch my stories on Instagram
the tone of this tweet oddly reminds me of the girls who bullied me in high school
Jack, the quintessential bullied by girls in high school soy boy, is trying to play puppermaster. Running interference for the NWO.
our so called president is a bully he treats women like a piece of meat.. calls people who don't agree with him name's like a damn bully in school..and this is a leader of people. nope don't think so..
Seems to me you are 31 years of age, moved to Toronto at 16 for university. Expeienced some marginalism for being Asian and now somehow feel that China’s rise will teach those high school bullies a lesson.
What’s up with box tops and why did my school bully me into collecting them
this is gross if I went to school with all y’all mfs i beat you all tf up call me Highschool bully
Once again Jerry Nadler is the kid in grade school that bullies steal lunch money from and give a swirlie to.
man that reminds me of our media when we make high school or collage into a wonderful place that we party every weekend and gets the pretty girl but nope study trying to fit in into the school society or get bullied.
Funny you reference the high school bully. Jeff is that old guy who was bullied throughout school for being weird and sees tweeting at Trump as his personal revenge of the nerds. Unfortunately, Trump, much like the popular girls in Jeff’s high school, does not know he is alive.
Sometimes I think about the bullies who called me thunder thighs all throughout school and then remember I can change my thighs but they can’t change their ugly personalities!
all of them look like they’d bully me at my locker in middle school
I’ve only hated one person in my life, a White girl who bullied me in high school. I can only guess that it has to do with untruths that are shared and passed down. Also, born and raised haters or a personal experience like mine. Human nature is not pure.
thinking about my primary school bully ayva if you're out there i hate you
Joyce. That’s my mother. She was the biggest bully there ever was no matter where I went to school. School is where I went to get away from bullies. I grew up in a family of malignant narcissists like Trump-Not Trump voters-Trumps. 9 of them. I’ve predicted everything he’s done.
I ran into the school bully Jeon Jungkook he looked me up and down before his best friend kim taehyung walks by "ayo arent we going to Jackson's party gay bitch?" I gasped Jeon Jungkook is gay?
If lavi comes back im heading tf out like a high school bully who leaves the table when the girl she doesnt like sits except I'm just being petty cuz lavi made me wait too long now he has to wait for ME
Right? Bully mentality. Like he’s still in middle school.
Ah, that's good. I know I had some people criticise me for using humour, but it has always been my coping mechanism. Used it to disarm bullies at school and fallen into that pattern all my adult life.
in middle and high school; my tribe was the art snobs, the skaters, the fashionistas, the emo-Avril-Lavigne-taking-back-Sunday-paramore crew.. i fked up trynna hang with the ratchet cheerleaders or the girls who were super bullied for being corny who told everybody business
I absolutely would have been bullied by VSCO girls in high school. I would have never been in charge of my hydration like that!!!
once knew a girl who wore thigh high socks and was p much a furry, and i bullied her so much that she had a crush on me, and even more so that she left my school
Watching girls who straight up bullied people in high school act holier than everyone makes me wanna ram myself into a wall
well it’s apparently a school full of stoners and i heard that they think its fun to make fun of and bully neurodivergent people and say slurs so i probably won’t love it there but i might find a few ok people
Worst - being bullied in primary and high school Best - when I finally fucking left an all girls school for a co-ed
Me when I bullied tf out of this girl in high school for dying her hair half red and black like mine
I had a verbal, "Girls can't do physics." My high school physics teacher bullied me and two other girls out of his class within weeks. One remained: my friend Debbie. She stayed the course + went on to do an engineering degree. One girl with physics in my whole grade! One.
The kid hung himself because he got bullied for being gay? Damn, fuck the bullies. Fuck posh schools.
Y’all think high school bullying is bad ? Try being a girl in a dominant male work environment and literally being bullied to the point of embarrassment and tears. I’m talking about grown ass men bullying young women. It ain’t cool and it ain’t funny.
Like I don’t know what this lady’s experience was in high school, but mine was LOCKING MYSELF IN A BATHROOM STALL to change because the CIS girls in my gym class bullied me so viciously that that was the only way I could feel safe. But I guess that doesn’t matter to transphobes.
You tweet this like it"s a bad thing. We want progress. We don't want to go backwards even further with trump who's never progressed from being a grade school bully with Daddy's money.
@Tulane @LSU are these the type of girls you want representing your school for the next 4 years?? they’re BULLIES.
I'd love to remake "You Again" (2010). It's a blah movie, but the premise is so good: A successful woman returns to her hometown for her brother's wedding only to find that he's marrying the girl who bullied her mercilessly in high school. I'd keep the Betty White parts obviously
I was never bullied. But in gr11 the popular guy I had a crush on from day 1 of high school asked me to be his girlfriend. He took me to the volleyball wrap up party. One of the popular girls whipped a scotch glass at my head bc I wasn’t pretty/popular/good enough to be w/ him
I'm from Paducah. I was bullied. I have, for the most part, always been a big girl. In school, though, I was active. I was on the Swim team and was in Civil Air Patrol. I was made fun of for my weight almost constantly. That's why, in high school, I became anorexic-bulimic.
Blackmailing schools. Either you take the kids and let them die or no funding. What kind of a fucking president are you?! Playing games in the oval office. You constanty scare the people you bully. You have such a low niveau!
Yes, of course - and we will. I just really hate it for your girls. I can still remember what it was like to be bullied in high school, and no one did or said anything about it. I hope your school's administration does better for your girls than mine did for me.
Looking back at Facebook messages between me and girls from high school. What a fucking loser I should have been bullied to death
The girls whose boyfriends bullied me in high school are commenting on my pictures of me in drag saying “go off” or “ ”... like are you forgetting that you allowed your boyfriend to call me a faggot and cause years of trauma?
This isn't a 'women' thing. This is a bitchy alpha mean girl who probably bullied people in high school thing.
girl i’m not abt to be bullied for being ‘smart’ when in reality my old high school did it differently. no ma’am
So the SI (stupid and ignorant) index reads: Brexiteers Climate Deniers Anti-maskers Tory voters Racists Flat earthers Tommeh supporters Thunberg haters LGBT ignoramuses School bullies Delinquents and many more.
Bullies in school really were like: "Hm, I don't like who you are because I hate who I am." And we were like: "Omg this is all my fault it's my fat :(" wtf lol
this is what the girls in high school who bullied me for being too pale looked like lol
He just mad because he ran into an old school bully that said "Yo Hoo Yo Hoe" and he took it out on Miss 'O'
you know what I take it back. people at school don’t bully the kids who have / look like they have special needs
Shoutout to my school bullies for making me the person I am today
I was bullied in early high school. Then lost thirty pounds, learned to sing and play piano, gained an extra ten pounds of muscle, and graduated dating the hottest chinese girl in school. Living well is the sweetest revenge, banging the girl they want is even sweeter.
“Most anti-bullying programmes target all students, saying that bullying is not acceptable but they do not impact the students who will bully, the potential perpetrators." #bullying #school #education #student #programme #Irish #socialentrepreneurs
Literally half the school shooters I remember the name of were bullied mercilessly until they started pulling triggers. Alec McKinney DOES NOT GET A FUCKING PASS just because his identity was the subject his bullies latched onto.
Gay catholic school life was getting into fights and the teachers/principals only yelling at the bully because they know your gay ass ain’t start it but finished it
Back in high school My friend was getting bullied at lunch one day and she put her black belt into use and straight up kicked the dudes food tray into his face when he wouldn’t back off. She’s great, pretty sure she’s just Texan Tank Girl
I stood up bullies in high school. I started an anti bullying program for the schools in my district. Why in the hell would I condone this behavior.
On the other hand, I never bullied anyone, I always tried to help others, and I tried to be kind to everyone. I passed every test put in front of me, and dropped out of high school in my junior year. 8th grade a girl said I brought a gun to school. +
I believe when Sarah and Chris were at school they were school bullies because they bully people without thinking about their feelings
We'll find out when the federal government steps up its campaign to bully parents into sending their children back to school.
mine was liam aka my brother who made a whole school bully me(:
I did the Faceapp thing on a coworker’s phone and the girl filter gave me straight blonde hair, which looked like a normie version of myself that would have bullied me in high school.
A girl, that I’ve never spoken to, told people that I bullied her all the time in high school and threw food and drinks in her face in front of everyone in the cafeteria.....
That girl who bullied you in high school, probably has "be kind in her bio" Alright then hun...
RICARDS LODGE HIGH SCHOOL (Wimbledon, 2013-14) - A group of mixed raced and white girls bullied and called Asians “Pak*s” but the school did nothing to prevent it despite receiving several complaints. Asian girls and hijabis are bullied at this school but no one bats an eyelid.
this is what happens when u don’t bully the weird kid in school
The incompetent Minister of Health @shandro has very poor impulse control. Abusive bullies promoted by @jkenney who virtue-signals about decorum but then leads like it's a grade school recess. #abpoli #ableg #UCPcorruption
In jr high a girl “bullied” me and spread rumors about me saying I was a lesbian bc I was best friends with a lesbian. Keep in mind I had bfs in jr high Well I get on Facebook and SHE JUST GOT MARRIED TO A GIRL! Wow. Just wow. I will never understand
Have you ever found out that the girl who bullied you in high school is an anti-vaxxer who is also against wearing a mask? Because that feeling is really something special.
Many students figure out who they can bully and get away with it based on how the school staff treat certain students. I’ve had students think they can talk about specific students to me as if I’d join in. Made me wonder which teacher(s) allows that
The way I enjoy Taylor Swift albums nowadays reminds me of how my best friend from law school ended up being the guy I thought would bully me
Someone posted in my high school fb group and it’s good to know that all the girls that bullied me peaked in high school lmao
I know a girl who used to go to the same high school I went to who once bullied a girl in our class for being a lesbian and now she’s all over Twitter and she’s like “I’m a lesbian and proud she/her ” like excuse me? .
THAT ONE GIRL WHO BULLIED YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL GETTING MARRIED... Too accurate!
wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school and her maid of honor trying to overshadow her
Iv known her since primary school she use to bully me not gonna lie I still know her to this day we’re friends and she’s nice and quiet
Trunp sounds like a middle school bully at a psychotherapy session. Ouch.
I can understand the point of why lesbians and gay men say this, but also I am bisexual and I’ve been called a faggot and a dyke before from holding hands with another girl or when I was bullied in high school. Yes I don’t experience the same as a lesbian, but I’ve still had +
You fought in a few school playgrounds with a few bullies. Women have to to fight misogynists and sexists and bullies in every workplace, university, hospital, restaurant, dinner party, job interview, twitter feed in the world. It doesn’t stop when one set of bullies goes away.
#drtwtisoverparty WHY IS DANGANRONPA OVER??? WHY?? IF ANYTHINGS OVER ITS MONOKUMA NOT THE VIDEO GAME AS A WHOLE! I AM OUTRAGED BY THIS COMMUNITY OF BULLIES!! THESE ARE BULLIES. THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING B U L L I E S HOW ARE THEY GONNA COME ON HERE AND SA
Kawaii (cute) culture for adults is pretty normal in many parts of the eastern world. (Japan for instance) It’s the west that shames anyone over 4feet tall for wearing cute stuff. I wonder how many girls get bullied out of the cute stuff they love in JR high by peers. It’s wrong.
seeing happy a girl who was bullied in high school is my fav thing in the whole world
Hypocrisy or outright lying? School programs against "bullying" aren't heeded by so-called adults who cave to sly bullying (propaganda) by rioters, local/state politicians, corrupt preachers, &amp; sports figures. Such bullies promote bowing to &amp; agreeing with anti-American values :(
I watched TUF and they reminded me of school bullies which I've seen before as I'm a teacher. Must have been an absolute head wreck being in that situation and stuck in the house.
Me: I freaking hate clichés Author: the school heartthrob habitually bullies the introverted loner girl, but he accidentally falls in love with her Me: *sobs* omg the school heartthrob habitually bullies the introverted loner girl, but he accidentally falls in love with her
This girl my sister went to high school with who constantly bullied her and would post mean things just once again brought her up to just be mean 6 YEARS AFTER high school. And like, that’s really pathetic. Talking shit about things that happened in high school? Really?
she did share that she was bullied for being quirky/nerd/ in her high school. It was obvious her bully was a Black girl. I think Ember and Woods are to sides of the same coin.Hell I wish they had found each other earlier.
I’m the popular girl who bullied you in high school, but now you just pay me to bully you... funny how these things go huh
Toxic people in video games are like those bullies in school who would talk shit about other kids to make themselves feel better... like Kyle I get it your nicotine addiction has you a bit on edge but to be real life mad at people on the internet?
Weren’t we taught in high school not to bully people online? Just my high school? Okay
Oh I learned this in a big way in 6th grade!! I was friends with this one girl in 4th grade who moved schools halfway through the year. When I reunited with her in 6th grade, she was one of my biggest bullies. Turns out she got bullied when she arrived at the school before me.
thinking about how y’all really bullied that girl for celebrating getting into all those colleges.....how sad does your life have to be to log onto this bird app and decide to hate on a high schooler being happy.
Selena. She gets bullied on every social media app. People say she's overrated but tbh she's underrated. She has more haters than lovers. Even the GP hates her because they believe any lies. There are even beliebers and arianators at my school who bully me for liking her.
Now I got on one aspect of why I hate Hillary so much. She is that high school girl that bullied poor girls. Granted she might have waited to do the slut shaming when she was covering for her rapist husband. But the fact is she bullied women with less power than she has.
Probably because a lot of them were the mean girls that bullied in high school.
the fact ateez went from pirates boy to school bullies boy really sends
This was me. I was bullied by black girls in middle school and only had latino and asian friends. Then romantically, I was only interested in black men until the guy I liked in high school (he was black) told me white girls were better. Now I date men of all races.
I imagine it will make those who feel their ancestors were oppressed, feel better. I think of it like this. If my neighbor put up a statue of my awful ex GF, or a bully from grade school, or a horrible boss that fired me, I would be pretty adamant that it is taken down...
was ur school normal or did ur PE teachers still bully u to do PE even after handing in a doctors note ab anxiety
If you’re in secondary school right now and being bullied I hope it gives you some comfort to know that your bullies have probably already peaked but you will flourish as soon as you are out of that toxic environment just wait and I promise life after school will be amazing
that is the age group that trump's brain is stuck at, except he is a sociopath bully moron according to his own mother whom he disrespected so much she sent him to military school Those boys are better than trump could ever be and pray to God no boys ever grow up to be like trump
I got bullied from elementary school to high school, I was just labeled a loser, I never knew how it started or why. Most of the bullies where boys and some girls but they did it all behind my back..
I am so sorry you were treated that way. It’s awful! I was bullied too in jr high relentlessly by two Mexican girls because I wasn’t Mexican enough for them. Hate is 100% taught! #anythinghatecandoLOVECANDOBETTER
My son and friends were bullied by a girl for a year. I raised my son not to hit. Year two in high school, she comes back, punching them in the face, my boy told her the next time he was hitting her back harder than she hit him. Problem solved. There's no fair fighting now.
It’s wild that all the girls who bullied me in high school think I might actually buy their pyramid scheme makeup today.
Ah, lots of modern,young politicians seem to belong in the “upper left quadrant”. There are a few SNP councillors who remind me of being in the school playground.I see them as bullies but they act like ‘butter wouldn’t melt’...they make me really angry. Is this why?
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying
middle school white girl bullies named britney in disney movies be like:
As a trans youth, I would not shoot up my school because of my bullies. You don’t speak for us, and neither does Alec. Yes, we’re hurting. But NO ONE should take it out on innocent people who had NOTHING to do with your pain. For shame.
I was bullied in high school and I’ve also struggled with addiction. I am thankful to be able to use those negative experiences to help my girls through life!
July 28 HAWAII School extend, Stabbing, Cyber Bully, Open Tours, Boxin... https://youtu.be/XpJ4S0njciA @YouTubeより #ハワイニュース #ハワイニュースナウ #ハワイロールニュース #ハワイリアルニュース
The weak sensitive kid Start at home! Give them everything they ask for never question them for anything , take him to school every day No buss, cos. Some kid will bully him At night,a little high temp, call the doc.Never say no;we may hurt his feelings Final prdct?ANTIFA
This sounds like grade school. If the bullies don’t like someone you can’t like them even if they are good people. They probably won’t invite you to their next birthday party. In Nov. can we please elect some adults.
I was once bullied in High School together with my 3 friends, all because we are very conservative. It was crazy how they called us names. Even girls are laughing at us. I felt like a loser. Even now that I'm already working, I never did forget a thing. #ENDviolence #LoveYourself
my timehop just reminded me some girl from my highschool dead ass bullied me for the FROYO place i worked at lmaoooo high school was crazy man
I got bullied for my eyes being big. And one girl was obsessed with the thought that I wanted to steal her boyfriend. (Which I didn’t) so she made high school hell for me
Girl bullied &amp; assaulted on video leads to parent's outrage at Montwood High School administrators https://www.kvia.com/news/education/sisd-student-assaulted-now-parents-want-change/1121659642
did the bullies at school give you testicular tortion when they pulled your underwear up over your tiny head ben? would explain the squeaky voice and the constant need to punch down...
I went to high school with one of these guys lmao. Mans came out so arrogant and played with a girls heart then broke it by saying he didnt want her to be associated with me cause I bullied him in high school when i'm sure we spoke maybe twice and i barely knew the girl. Nasty.
Honestly Sydney is the worst. Apparently she was bullied in high school but here she is gaslighting other girls? Yikes #TheBachelor
I wish politics never existed. All I see is bullies in a school yard brawl! Nothing peaceful at all!
Lolol this white woman on tv just said she was bullied for being tall, blonde, and pretty in high school because girls were jealous of her. Pray for her
@PressSec Kayleigh u r most definitely not a Karen. My 23 year old son uses that Karen the mayor lightfoot using it was sooo immature. Over the past few months these politicians have been acting like school yard kids and bullies. #TeamKayleigh
Ugh. Friend of mine in high school was a eurasian girl who was considered "asian" by the white kids and "white" by the asian kids, and got bullied by both. She's now utterly stunning and all those boys are "Welp, fucked that one up". Kids suck.
Poster children for hypocrisy and scared children trying to avoid the school yard bully.
Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by two white girls Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/K7dZKSnH via @Change
Illegal? Really? I should be able to arrest all the bullies at my school if THIS is illegal.
A very narrow majority of people voted for a butterfly strewn unicorn paddock with free beer and eternal youth. They're getting a kick in the nuts by the school bully who's just shat on their doorstep. Brexit was a dream that's turning into a nightmare.
Force integration came to my town the year I entered Jr. High. For 6 years whites were bullied by blacks. Were we scared? Absolutely! I had to be walked by administration to my car for not giving up my assigned seat in science to a black girl.
I'm NOT saying that every person studying Nursing or is a Nurse is a mean person. I know PLENTY who aren't. I'm just saying that all the girls who bullied me in Middle/High School are ALL Nurses now. Like. WTF.
Hi so yesterday I had kind of exposed some racists at school and one of them sent me this his IG is @/caleburban8322 and his snap is @/caleburban22 Ik Im a small account but pls spread it bully him all you want he’s so racist AND DISGUSTING
Dido got bullied as a kid for being called Florian Cloud de Bounevialle Armstrong. What the hell?! That is an amazing name!
Yes, and it's not just a bit thinner. A fairly average girl in the Western world would likely be called fat if they went to high school in Japan. I'm not saying her weight is bad, but it is incredibly unrealistic in this context. The entire game would just be her being bullied.
My friends told me that in their high school, a guy with autism was bullied by 3 girls. Those girls deserves to be expelled and not suspended for 5 days only. I believe in justice and karma.
I was a skinny SKINNY kid in high school but a girl would relentlessly tell me I was fat and I developed an eating disorder, I got bullied for liking anime, wearing goth clothes, for being smart , and in elementary school wearing glasses???!!
@TayloredA1 go to class. Bitch
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7chicago.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/
I got bullied when I was in high school and when I was younger but Thankfully I had 2 older sisters who wanted all the smoke behind me I remember coming home crying and going to go tell both of my sisters because one girl thought that just because my sister wasn’t around
Charlie is the school bully I didn’t know I needed in my life
I got bullied viciously all through high school by girls. Once they sprayed me in the face with deodorant in the changing rooms. When the turfs say trans women make changing rooms unsafe my only response is hollow laughter
A little boy I worked with who was in kindergarten got bullied because he liked to braid the girls hair. A direct quote from other kids: "only GIRLS braid hair. Are you GAY?!" Again, these are elementary kids. Imagine these same kids by the time they reach middle/high school
Can we talk about how every major “filled with girls who bullied you in high school” are just majors with majority women? Nursing, education, communications...
My parents and most teachers knew about it but as said, it was taken as a joke, and nothing was done. "You don't get bullied, this is a bully free school!"
all the popular girls who bullied me in high school have the absolute worst eyebrows and are part of some kind of pyramid scheme now. proof that God is real.
All the boys and girls at my high school wanted the tall girl. She was like 6’6, thick, and nobody ever bullied her. So I’m confused.
They are nothing but high school bullies reliving their glory days.
okay, should i move back to india where i could get away from school bullies, have a better education etc. etc. ?
im so happy the bitch who used to bully me in middle school is fuckin ugly now and miserable. sucks dont it bitch
Netflix is coming out with a movie called “Tall Girl” about a high school girl who gets bullied for her height and no one ever wants to talk to her because she’s so tall...and the character’s name is JODI
@BellaTwins This speaking up thing is for me since middle and my 2 years of high school that I went then on to homeschool I have gotten bullied which ded suck and I didn’t stand up for my self and I should have, I remember this as clear as day these two girls were looking at me
I’m really convinced she was bullied just as much as any girl in high school
remember that one time i ended world hunger? and that one time i fought the school bully who was punching the nerd? and that one time i won the lottery and donated all of the money to end world poverty?
these are the type of bitches who used to bully me in high school.
What kind of books do you usually like? I write A PNR/UF mostly, and this is my bestselling series: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B082GGB7WL But I also have a high school bully romance that's a lot more rated R than PG-13 LOL
Classic bullies. They don't differ much from the immature high school bullies. They're characters who none of us have power over &amp; for them to cast you away cause you didn't "play" with their favorite the same way is unfair. Ur not a liar or a victim. Ur human and theyre bullies.
So sorry- that stuff stays with us forever. I was bullied for 8 years, I moved away right after high school to escape it. They once spray painted “BITCH” &amp; “BURN IN HELL” on the side of my house. My school principal told me to “get tough friends “. It was a nightmare. Hugs, girl.
⠀ ⠀ ⠀Yep,that's the girl that bullied you in high school. ─. . .And yes,she's still a bully to this day.
YouTube striking down videos talking about pedophilia is like the school punishing that kid for standing up to the bully. Check this out:
Also can we all just agree that ASP’s weirdo pseudo steampunk lookin ass has massive Bullied In High School and Now Makes Quirky Mean Girl Characters to Appeal to the Normies Because She Still Desperately Wants to Fit In vibes?
noo im a middle school bully
*sees former high school crush greet his gf on facebook* "Aw, das so nice~" *looks at the pic and sees the girl is someone who bullied me badly in high school* "W o w, okay"
am i a high school, bully
i used to be a dance major i was really in love with it and i quit right before i moved to high school bc i was afraid of the dance girls and i thought i was gonna get bullied and manipulated. i ended up leaving the school anyway
I got bullied in high school and college, had friends turn away from me when I really needed them, was in a manipulative relationship, and was sexually assaulted several times. I had a girl who I thought was a friend turn everyone I knew against me and even threaten to kill me 6/
I would take the red pill for the sole purpose of walking into school and punching the bully square in the face. Possibly multiple times. Likely multiple times. Oh, and curse out the principal. Then leave that school and go to the better one I ended up at.
I’d like to exchange this high school bully for a friendly jock type plz
Like I was never taught until a way to late how to play rugby league/ union, as the game I played with was only bullies, who aimed specially to hurt me. Like schools maybe should actually teach them basic tools to play these games, so when not in PE, know how to play them saftly
i remember i bullied this girl in high school because she had these boots that looked like they were made from duct tape and once my paper tore and i asked her for a piece of her shoe and she started to cry and now i feel super bad about it
I remember in school there were the bullies - but there were also the kids on the side who would backed up the bullies and in many ways they were the more nasty The people on tonight defending Rachel Riley despite her non-stop bullying remind of those kids
For someone who has lain awake wondering if *I* was the school bully I'm having a hard time being mean* when it counts *professionally firm, like business casual tofu
my middle school bully has a fanpage. i cant make this up
Hahahahahaha!!!!! Democrats =racism, idiocy, and grade school bullies and liars.
i was bullied through primary and high school. years of crying to myself in my room because of mean girls.
In high school I got pretty viciously bullied by boys for being the chubby goth girl with bad acne. Girls were cruel too, but in very different ways. The boys were scarier for sure.
a girl in high school constantly belittled me as a person and bullied me and was only sorry she got caught and in the end she hurt so many people no one liked her or trusted her tenderness and kindness is strength
i fell bacj into the spacetime by five years im 15 again. im a freshman in high school and my only worry is not getting bullied by the health sciences girls for wearing hot topic shirts
Facebook is just full of girls that bullied you in high school sharing quotes about the importance of being kind laughable
Local public education is operationally controlled by the States not by the Federal government. The bully pulpit at the Federal Level should not dictate the opening of schools. #schoolsreopening #edchat #education #parents #teachers #educhat #edu8
It’s unconfirmed tea but I have heard from a few sources who went to high school with Hannah B and Sydney that Sydney was a mean girl and vandalized a classmate’s car and bullied Hannah B so hard that she had a restraining order against her
@hammerandnigel holding money back from schools is a bully move. DeVos crony pockets will get fatter !
Y’all remember jr high when they kicked half the cheer squad for being racist/bullying and the girl being bullied ended up transferring? Good days at bonerville.
School bully thinks he is a prefect... and he thinks these guys are his mates... smh
Girl don’t let the bully win. If you go away they will just wait until you come back. What their name? Blast em. We will all have some words. I was bullied in junior high. I would have given anything for someone to stick up for me.
High academic achievement puts boys at a higher risk of being bullied than girls, possibly because it makes them appear un-masculine. https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11218-019-09539-w
idk how to explain it but the MOST racist small town american super bitchy bullied-me-in-high-school and peaked at 17 years old girl type thing to do is model for a southern fashion boutique on insta and pose next to that dumbass brick wall at a weird angle
I had a weird status in High School. I was a weird kid, a bully(sort of), not popular but widely known.
The school yard joker, friend of the school yard bully. If Navarro had a brain he would be dangerous.
My mother was never home, my sister was a bully. I was presented drugs, but I turned them away. I was pressed to steal things, but I didn't. I was pressured to skip class and drop out of school, but I didn't. They putt them selves were they are, white people had no hand in that
One girl bullied me in class in high school I laughed at her. Pissed her off so she tried to punch me in back of the head between classes. Someone warned me, I ducked &amp; blacked out. When I came to folks told me I had beat her with my bag filled with heavy books. She was bloody.
I used to have a friend called Fatima but she had to move schools as so many people used to bully her for her name, I miss her sm &gt;&lt;
vsco girls are the kind of girls i would’ve bullied in high school
I've always been the not-desired (bullied etc) ugly fat girl at the school, high-school... I wanna be something else please. Sorry for the vent but my day is absolutely already ruined and I needed to *scream*
i hate this ugly rat faced man. this is what happens wen u don’t bully ppl in school
I just retweeted this and I want to clarify that all the nurses I’ve met are lovely people but so many of the girls from high school who bullied me?? are nurses now and I’m afraid
“I’ll just use my big bad executive order powers and show you all!” You sound like a bully on the playgrounds in grade school.
that one girl who bullied you in high school after getting a job at starbucks
you are so lucky you are a child and i have an iron defiencey, or i would 100% beat you up. you’re annoying and nosy. you’re the type of kid named kyle who would bully me in high school and steal flavored wine coolers.
In high school I was bullied for being too sweet &amp; pretty for the ugly, bitter girls to handle Smdh. I thank them for teaching me how to box. They picked on me so much, I had to learn how to fight to defend myself. I’m a quick learner tho, so it all worked out.
hit someone, i might just look like the guy your ex cheated on you for or just your bully from school. who knows. . . ❞ he gradually trailed off but snapped out of it when they let go of him, taking just a step back. the sudden intimate gestures was making him feel weird. &gt;
Norm I just followed you. I wanted to smack Barr today. He was arrogant and did not take this hearing serious. That cabinet are all a bunch of high school bullies!
girls who bullied me in high school are watercolor paints now and im handwritten letter
I share your concerns. When I was a kid, bullies couldn't post cruel things about me to the entire school. Now... the bullies are everywhere. But, then again, there's kindness, too. We just have to work extra hard to foster kindness in ourselves and our children.
dating your middle school bully be like "remember that one time you told me to kms?
Thanks to watching Mean Girls at 7, I was only bullied during elementary school, but knew how to handle situations better in high school.
YOU KNOW TODAY A HOLIDAY, MY TL JUMPING EARLY.... ANY OTHER DAY YALL FUCK ASS BE OVER SLEEPING FOR WORK &amp; SCHOOL! BUT YALL UP FOR FOOD!! LOL
Besides all the visible stuff, short, hairy, fat, other...I was most bullied for being...HAPPY. Other girls thought I was "fake" because I was genuinely excited about life. I also didn't understand sarcasm until late high school b/c first gen immigrant &amp; my parents never used it.
this girl looks like every mean bitch in high school who bullied you and then goes into nursing because shes “so caring and empathetic” also she has a really punchable face js
They're the bullies we all knew in school who kept telling everyone they were going to become cops.
there was a girl in elementary &amp; middle school who bullied me every year n we finally went to different high schools and i never saw her again until my ex dumped me right before prom and brought her instead megan if u see this i hope u get shin splints for the rest of ur life
svt r mingyu bully club they meet in the quad on wednesdays after school
girls who bullied me in high school are romantics now and im magpie
People who say that high school cis boys would pretend to be trans to see girls naked in locker rooms really think that coming out to your family and classmates, taking hormones, and being bullied is easier than asking a girl out on a date
Why do these pasties look like a group of school bullies hanging out in front of the local Greggs?
Shoutout to all the girls who bullied me in high school, they look 45 while I’m aging backwards.
Watching all the girls from high school who bullied me for wearing a size 14 lose their diet minds on Facebook as we slowly ascend to 35 makes me feel torn. Part of me wants to be their body-positive sherpa, the other part wants to laugh at them a lot.
In elementary school, to bully me, people told me the Titanic wasn't real and I cried
I really am about to delete all social media the way people comment about celebrities and famous people like they their school bully or best friend is wild like take your negativity and built up hate and journal that shit don’t put it on twitter jeeeeeeeez
I want my high school bully to pound me
Yun pa! What happened to the magic word?!? Parang bully lang nung high school where he goes around asking everyone for a peso.
toxic harries remind me of regina george + every stereotypical high school bully y’all ain’t cute bc ur mean fyi
You're wrong. One of my friends was at school with Francois. I'm told he was a bully.
I went to high school with this girl who was a rape apologist and tried to date this known rapist who i called out and apparently YEARS later she is telling people i work with that i bullied her in HS and this is the funniest shit i have ever heard in my life
Oh girl. I grew up in the 70's / 80's with grade school through high school. I was bullied with name calling, freckle face, fatty, poor, ect.. the one that hurt the most was when the mean girls in gym class threw my clothes in the trash. Today I am strong.
Well, bully for you, Bloomquist.
The girl who bullied me in high school had this purse
Love that I have to log on and cyber bully my high school
Love how all the girls who bullied me in middle school in high school preach positivity and feminism. Girl where was your feminism when you were telling me kill my self or calling me a psychotic bitch when you never met me? There is no integrity.
Love seeing a girl that bullied me in high school at the gas pump next to me then grinning as you make eye contact. Hi it’s me! I did get prettier thanks for noticing :D also thanks for supporting my ex that use to abuse me!
Why is this allowed? Our country isn’t free - twitter is the segregation our country tried to destroy, twitter likes their best friends and bullies the ones that aren’t like them, Twitter is the fascist high school Newsweek that only allowed their own group think, it’s pathetic
I just remembered a girl that bullied me in high school just asked me to help her with her programming homework and I’m laughinggggg
Mind you, Greg Davies has an air of school bully about him.
Im really proud to say I’ve never been the girl that bullied ppl in school growing up. I actually wanted to fight the bullies
I was lucky to not be bullied in high school, but I had trouble with my faith in my religion because I found out from my older sis that one time, a group of girls from church called me weird...
Publicly humiliating your child isn’t it. Send him to a military school if he acting out. At the end of the day he was a CHILD. As a parent it’s your responsibility to take care of your child’s mental and physical welfare. His daddy was a bully.
Did your high school have a FB group dedicated to posting prom dresses where girls would bully other girls who bought the same dress as them or did you actually enjoy high school
Plenty of better word choices.. I learnt to stop it when I had my first child..”it was a .. this is not how my children should see or hear me behave.. it worked till they started primary school. I was not expecting that from 5-6 year olds.there was also entrenched bully behaviour
This petty grade school bully has to one up Fauci like he tries to one up President Obama, always falls short. GOP has made a mockery of the profound importance, grace and dignity the presidency requires and the people deserve. They put a clown in the Oval.
My reaction when girls who bullied me in high school want me to take pictures of them
I often think about in middle school when one of the worst bullies in our grade got called a gorilla and was so fragile she had her mom absolutely freak out on the school and we had to have an assembly about NOT calling her a gorilla. can’t be a bully AND that sensitive sixuzuhka
A girl a foot taller than me bullied the fuck outta me for half the school year because I was tryna take the high road. I beat the shit outta her so bad she started going back to church and hanging out with the well behaved church kids.
One time I saw the girl who used to bully me in middle school wear a Joy Division shirt from urban outfitters and I stg I was about to cry :(
i feel like i should say something soft and encouraging like everyone else but i just want you to know if i went to school with you i would’ve fucking kicked those bullies’ asses into next week. anyway, you got this far and that’s proof of your endurance.
The girl that bullied me in high school got corona
if he went 2 my school i would bully him
gigil ako sa babaeng to! hahhaa this girl's dad finally knew the truth after hiding it for 10 yrs, cheong ah committed suicide bcoz she bullied her in high school, mygawd cassie! gigil mo ko! #LoveisBeautifulLifeisWonderful
i think it’s a good concept. it’s about a high school girl - who feels bullied and doesn’t feel she fits in. why does everything have to be about race. because she’s white you wouldn’t watch it? interesting.
I had the biggest tits in high school and I am allergic to perfume, so the other girls always bullied me and set off my allergies, *riiiight* before our mile runs every week. What did my PE coach do? Squat. Let it happen.
The thing w/ the evil tiktok nurses is SO funny to me because I can literally open Facebook and see the profiles of 95% of the girls from high school who bullied me and others have careers as nurses/carers !!
I just saw someone post about how their middle school was “all Coldplay”
do u guys remember the bully buster club in middle school?
why would she be nominated for looking like a high school bully 24/7???
Bribing the school bully with someone else's sweeties.
Girl who bullied me in high school just asked me for hair bleaching tips. Imma tell her 40 volume and to start at her roots
This was everyday at saline high school and I’m glad I was able to get out of there. The things I heard there were terrible. Kids would scream the n word at the black students, a girl with a hijab was bullied out of school. Part 1..
“I am absolutely scared of u” -Thinks is a disease but uses -idk y’all have like1 friend at school -U probably tried to bully me@in middle school -U think ur on alt tiktok but ur not -please leave me alone
A promise to teachers: “Here’s what I won’t allow. I won’t allow #BetsyDeVos, the SOE, and DT, the President, to bully school districts and states into opening schools before we have a proper plan in place.” ~@PAAttorneyGen
Oh btw, i met the girl who bullied me again back in high school. We were even classmates lmaooo. Idk if it was just me or what but she still looked at me like she was still disgusted at me. But I'm cool tho, we were just 5yrs old. But still, kinda sad looking at who I've become.
i’m trying to tweet more but i’m still traumatized from the time in high school some girls found my twitter and bullied me for being depressed lol
when i go back to my ghetto ass school i gotta change my aesthetic because they gon bully me for being a soft girl
Millie, you keep your head up high. I was bullied in school and I let it change my schooling. Bullies are wimps, they are cowards, they are not worth you worrying. Show them each day that they will not win, you look a sweet little girl. Enjoy your life don't stop being you.
dont bargain my loyalty on cost of losing the heart he laughs on this foolish heart who knows nothing other dan loving him he bullies my faith on believing d soul connects my old school of thoughts may be a misfit, bt wins countless energies in d universe #jyotichand
I'm glad that Shitty Gamer Takes is quitting, the person behind it punched down on small users (by sending their hate mob to attack them), bullied a girl in high school, and only showed bad takes from one side of the political spectrum, so on top of all that they were biased.
A high school bully was murdered last year. While I personally forgave many of the bullied at school and accepted apologies, I remembered him being particularly vicious towards girls. I buy that he'd changed, but I only remember who he was.
Those popular High school bullies probably become nurses, doctors, and in law Inforcement, because they like controlling people and having power over the unfortunate and I hate it
Got bullied for wearing glasses, getting high grades, getting a lower grade than usual, for not liking what's 'trendy' for being a not-pretty girl, and probably the most stupid thing I got bullied for is: liking things "normal girls" don't like, such as fiction movies ¬.¬
https://www.baynews9.com/fl/tampa/news/2019/09/09/florida-boy-bullied-for-homemade-university-of-tennessee-shirt?cid=share_twitter. I hope the girls that bullied him feel about an inch high right now! Just stop the bullying! Schools need to step up and do a better job as well as parents! Bravo to UT!
I dont consider a 3 month training program for high school bullies qualifies said bullies to be A honest about arrests B not criminals themselves (40% spousal abuse rate) and C arresting without bias. Your faith in strangers who have been handed guns is strange
I was the awkward girl, the one everyone takes advantage of and constantly bullied on. Body shamed, abused..... high school was my hell.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://buff.ly/39XGf5r from @abc7
Imagine being a 30 year old man so intimidated by a woman being better at something than you that you make up rumors & bully her I graduated high school years ago bro
I still have the Greek and Persian mythology story books I got when I was 4. I read lots of Angela Brazil at 12 – was miserable being bullied in inner-city 'sink' junior high; it was an escape into a world where girls were generally kind, well-mannered and had friends.
I probably would have felt largely indifferent if I learned that one of my bullies died. And yet I somehow managed to get through all my school years without even so much as contemplating murder.
That feeling when girls that bullied me in high school buy my sweatshirts
also one time in high school, a really nasty teacher tried to fail me so i passively mentioned it to another teacher who later confronted and basically bullied her into giving me a passing grade. a year later, the teacher who tried to fail me was fired!
bullies. high school bullies
If I snoop around your house, will you like it? US must be highly uncivilised in snooping around other countries. If others fly around US, I think the US Air Force will shoot them down immediately. As usual, US looks like the typical school bully.
All these nurses and medical professionals on tiktok keep outing themselves. People are shocked by how awful they are but none of this BS surprises me. There are kind nurses but a lot of them behave like the mean girls that bullied us in high school.
My mom rap sheet speaks for itself and she used to stab mfs who tried to bully her in school so yeaaaa lol
Junior school was St Andrew, St David, St George &amp; St Patrick. Senior school was Bullies, Worse Bullies, Snobs, Thugs &amp; Layabouts - it was a posh all-girls school
I was lucky I wasnt really bullied for this in my late middle school days and not at all in high school. But early middle school I was bullied somewhat by mainly guys. Girls didn't really pick on me thankfully. They just thought I was more of a tomboy and left it at that
Don't worry, it's impossible to bully me. I was bullied from age 4-11 by a massive, horrendous girl (and her mother once, in the playground). When we went to high school, she kept on. Then one day I saw her in the corridor and switched. I shovved her into a wall and kept going.
yeah, he was a nasty bully and this fight was over a girl, which everyone at school knows! listen to the audio and you can hear the white kid is clearly not starting it
omg shut UP so many ppl say that and i feel like the high school bully so now i will kiss the ground you walk on!
I was bashed by a boy at 5yo every day for a year. I was called a slut & bullied for being a tomboy who loved playing footy with the boys &amp; having guy friends (the girls were jealous). That followed into high school where the bashing &amp; hatred continued for the same reasons
my middle and high school bullies thought the same its fine
10 years post high school you come across your worst high school bully ever. You're their new co-worker. What's the one thing you wish you could say to them but you know good and well you will never say?
HELP WANTED: Someone to bully me into doing laundry every 2 weeks. All are welcome to apply* *Except if you bullied me in middle school. I've seen your work and it's not that effective.
Cheong Ah: "That high school girl got bullied for two years, her friend suddenly turned her back on her, she didn't know why and was too afraid to ask. Waking up every day was a torture, going to school was terrifying." Me: #BeautifulLoveWonderfulLife.
If you were/are a lonely, bullied, "gifted" kid in high school, this book is for you but it will also hurt you.
Sheesh... the girls that bullied me in middle and high school all going through it on Facebook. Congrats on the baby though
why don't you go fuck yourself , public school bitch
Good kids feel safer with police in the schools. The only kids who don’t like to see the police around are the bullies and the druggies.
Attacking people out on Social Media is pathetic, dudes acting tough for likes, one of them will bite back sooner or later. Beware the Wolf in Sheeps clothing. Reminds me of a school yard bully who got fucked up by the skinny kid he picked on.
Every group needs it's good cop, I guess. I never understand the mentality of people who do what these women do. I've seen pro-lifers who do it as well (and I try to avoid them too) but no where near the level of the pro-aborts. Twitter turns adults into middle school bullies.
I sometimes think back to some guy trying to bully me in high school and going “you’re ugly” and my reply was a straight faced “oh yeah I know. Totally agree” and I think I broke him. you can’t be meaner to me than I am to myself. GET IN LINE.
omg You literally bully me @school ???
I can’t believe I let bullies from elementary school stop me from rocking a middle part most of my life
like first of all you bullied me in high school. and secondly, your hair is still dry as fuck. now get out my messenger with “hey girl!”
This is so inspiring! I was bullied even in high school for having hair on my arms. It makes me so happy to see girls supporting girls
..... I swear.... This is your fault in the first fuckn place.
I never really bullied anyone in high school but I did convince my whole school that a kid in my grade’s step sister was the girl from Cake Farts.
my kids ain’t getting a phone until they start middle school and i’m beating up whoever bullies them. they finna get the childhood they deserve.
To every girl who bullied me in high school, congrats on your ugly babies
Mine was mostly school bullies and total strangers in the street (!). I grew up in Cyprus, where telling someone they've put on weight in considered some sort of public duty. But hugs!
I’m only stating this because I witnessed and was told on multiple occasions of her talking shit on me and other girls. It’s not the end of the world lol like ok her and a LOT of fucking girls bullied others in high school. Its really not that deep, we all have shit it’s ok
IM SHORT TOO but i was always super y’all in elementary school #5’4since5thgrade
The arrogance and aggression from a section of Scottish society towards anyone whose politics are different is shocking and shameful. If this is how they behave as adults, I dread to think what they were like at school. Some of these folk must have been prolific bullies.
Looks like girls that bullied me in high school for wearing skinny jeans
Ik ive been serious lately but this hit hard, to the girl that bullied me in hs, I was already going through a rough time and school was my safe haven, she was just the cherry on top for me to go from straight A’s to flunking bc I didn’t plan living past high school
Canadian schools are reopening because Canada has a functional federal government and has actually flattened the curve.
she simply has wouldn’t have bullied me in the high school girls locker room energy
There’s really nothing like picking up a side gig in your hometown and then being sat with your sister’s high school bully for Sunday brunch #timesiamthankfulforamask
I was overweight and awkward AF in high school. I listened to metal and spent all my spare time playing video games or doing extra homework. Then I lost loads of weight, dressed in more fitted clothes. Suddenly all the girls who had ignored me or bullied me wanted to be friends.
She was a really nasty bully, at high school too apparently.
guys rlly graduate from high school then suddenly get fetishes for the girls they bullied huh
Thanks for making me miss weeks of school, thanks for making my grades drop, thanks for dumping me for my bullies. I hope your life becomes complete with them
I was bullied a lot in primary school and junior high. Even girls used bully me ku last kwa grade 9 I grew taller
Imagine if cops were trained, qualified professionals instead dumb school bullies gone pro.
That's a bit rich you telling people they should be ashamed of themselves for how they are treating Cummings when you bullied a 9 year old autistic girl and called her a complete twat. You are such the high class citizen we should all aspire to be #Hypocrisy
luckily he goes to my school so i’m gonna bully tf out of him
The main reason for most of our anxieties are the school teachers. They bully and discourage you more than your classmates or any other person. Knowledge doesn’t teach you morals. Except few kind all others are devil.
but not like. cannibalism as in "oh my god you're so hot let me eat u" more of cannibalism like "look honey i made u dinner it tastes funny doesn't it yeah because it's your high school bully. bon appetit". thats hot
Donald Trump was that bully in elementary school who would tattletale to the teacher if anyone stood up to him.
Before you shoot your shot with a girl you bullied in high school, remember the shit you said to her, and apologize first. Don't just pretend like you never took jabs at her. SHE REMEMBERS.
I got bullied by skin color was too dark for them and my hair was too bushy. threw gum at me. Pushed me. Harrased me every day. Pulled my hair. I was a quiet little girl made very good grades. middle school years, first high school year were horrible
I’m 6 feet tall and I did get bullied in high school and was super insecure I don’t get ppl acting like bullying doesn’t exist to those girls. It looks dumb but I’m not mad at its existence
Black girl at predominantly black high school. Got bullied for being smart. Got bullied for my love of rock, kpop, 80s music and because i watched anime. I spoke proper english which meant i was "talking white" And most of the bullying came from my mother.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter
there isnt a thing people could say about me as an adult that will get under my skin because nothing makes u harder than getting bullied in middle and high school. u could say the worst things imaginable to me and i guarantee u some 13 year old girl did it better
Think about how emotionless I wouldn’t be if y’all didn’t bully me in school. But now I don’t care &amp; hardly anything effects me so I guess that’s cool too.
one of the girls who bullied me in high school for being bi is dating a cop which is just *chef’s kiss* perfection
One day, these kids that they are teaching to be angry, are going to be bullies in school; and eventually school shooters.
You probably would have bully me in school
My dream is for one of the girls who bullied me in jr high to follow me because they don’t know it’s me and then I’ll tweet “one of you is a girl who bullied me in jr high and don’t know it’s me. I’m funny now huh?” And then all the mean girls will sweat thinking it’s them.
Filthy Rich Boys: A Reverse Harem High School Bully Romance ( BURBERRY PREP)
Always cracks me up how all these internet “witches” post themselves casting curse spells/hexes on dumb trivial anecdotal shit like their ex bf, intolerant parents, or high school bully... instead of trying to punish rapists, pedophiles, billionaires, murderers, or dirty cops lol
I love that all these girls who bullied me in high school are all of a sudden feminists lol ok
I hate a bully or sister? let us make a peace agreement between our people and yours if Jesus don't hate Judas? and five fool virgins? the school teacher didn't say that then. has he ever repent? now I heard he died in the prison.
Total incompetence! Another bullying tactic from UK government to push us into a UK holiday to boost their economy! Money before health and happiness as always! Send school staff to work at risk without PPe but BULLY the public to stay in Uk. A disgrace!
Pretty sure @NYGovCuomo only buys online at Amazon and shops at Walmart, which is why he is allowing every other place to die. I've also got from a reliable source he was bullied in school and was told he had cooties which explains why he now bullies the state.
Confessional: growing up I used to hate my voice because I used to get bullied all the time for it. “You sound like a girl” “why your voice so high” it was a insecurity of mine. NOW I DONT SHUT THE FUCK UP
Whoa...Is this the same Ted Cruz that went screaming to the media because Donald Trump attacked his family like a grade school bully? Yep. Same Access Hollywood Republican. Same guy.
To all those girls who bullied me throughout middle school and high school: how’s nursing?
The teachers at my school never really punished the bullies for verbal abuse at my school either. No justice was served, all that changed was me, I became stronger. Now I fear nobody, and I say that sincerely not egotistically. One day you'll look back on this and laugh.
... wilbur is 6'7... yeah most DEFINATLEY he would bully me in school
adobsonartworks: Seriously. I see this mentality ALL THE TIME. “I was bullied as a kid, therefor I should be able to bully others.” I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, “I got picked on in high school” and “girls don’t go for nice...
Bruh hyunjin from stray kids looks like my former high school bully I-
Sometimes I forget I was bullied every year of my life from 1st grade up to the end of high school. From when little me picked my nose in class once &amp; some girl screamed about it &amp; then the class made fun of me for years to my senior prom. It's easier just to forget, though.
When one of the girls who bullied you in high school messages you about her pyramid scheme
This is so cringe to me. I love yoga and have gotten so much out of it, but I stopped going to classes partly because I was uncomfy with the fact that the instructors were all 22-year-old white girls who would have bullied me in high school. I'm good with Adriene tho.
Yall remember when it was trendy to do that kool aid dip dye hair and all the popular girls in middle/early high school did it and would post shit like "yeah I dye my hair crazy colors, I'm me and I'm not sorry " meanwhile the actual scene kids were being bullied
Sweet, cool, smart and the other a school yard bully
1. I worked three seasons as an entertainer at a Holiday Park 2. I’ve never kissed/touched/seen a girl naked 3. Liked other boys since I was 12 4. I have an intense fear of marionettes 5. I would sing in our end of year high school assemblies every year despite being bullied
Rebecca Black dropped out of school because she was bullied. Woah.
Conservative party of Canada is either embittered loners who see their high school bully in Trudeau or trads who blame all their personal shortcomings on college kids with opinions. Liberal party are debate club and theatre kids who also happen to want coups in Latin America
I’m not trying to be mean but I’m not gonna lie… Seeing a lot of the girls who bullied me because of my weight in high school gain a lot of weight after I lost 85 pounds makes me really happy and I love seeing karma at work Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk.
When the Transmen came at my head, they weren’t being informative, they were acting like lil school girls, trying to bully me into submission. That’s why i wasn’t receptive to shit they were saying. You can’t come at me like that cause im not no punk or bitch and I’d slap you IRL
A girl is bullied all her life until she makes into a private high school where finds out her kindness pays off and finally gets the friends she’s always wanted... until HE showed up. Can she manage to continue her wonderful life and stay away from him... her first love and &gt;&gt;
i felt so helpless back in high school when i was bullied. even worse when my female friends would stand up for me, it made matters worse bc i let girls fight my battles, well atleast that’s how my bullies interpreted it, mocked me even more bc of it. what a bad vibes time.
I don't care if the chance of children dying is virtually 0. We must protect our children from virus', bullies, and gender classifications. Special schools need to be built to protect our fragile babies.
Nerdy kids, kids with illnesses, High School girls that aren’t a size 10. All in danger of being bullied.
My middle school bully came into work today
I knew plenty of girls in highschool who were bullied for being tall. Yeah, after high school being tall can be seen as a great thing. But the point op is making is that if it was just about a tall gangly girl learning to love herself the movie wouldn't be that bad.
Shit, I don’t have a nose ring rn because some of my own friends from high school along with other girls told me my nose was too big. So I will never feel sorry for white women getting “bullied” for being white. Suck it up, snowflake.
Really funny new Marines commercial where they imply members of the armed forces were the kids in school who stood up to bullies
Laws my nephew just asked me to come to his daycare to whoop the kids who bully him at school ..... welpppp, guess ima be fighting some kids tomorrow
Girls who bullied you about your acne in high school really will message you on Instagram and be like “long time no see please can you recommend me some skincare products”.
After 10 years though? I let all that shit go. I’m super grateful for everyone I met and grew up with during that time. Even my bullies who all later apologized to me. Also I look a lot better since high school so I wanted to show off and be like TOMA COÑO
jokes on the girls who bullied me in high school because now i have a sick complex where im hopelessly attracted to the kind of girl that would have bullied me in high school
“It’s fun, it’s just so much different than muggle school, Zara explained, “but being known as Hermione’s baby sister has certainly kept the bullies away, I see how some people treat other muggleborns,” For that, she was thankful for her big sister!
I once had a dream that you were the popular girl in high school and I was your gay best friend and we bullied Gracie Gold
In middle school I use to be insecure about being mixed. I got bullied because kids didn’t understand how a brown skin girl could have a strong accent, long hair, &amp; exotic features. &amp; then I hit High School...everyone was obsessed w/ foreign mixed girls. The bullying stopped
It’s a lot of girls who bullied me in high school that are making themselves skinnier on Instagram. Y’all never hated me. You hated yoself
It’s just the politics of our times have changed. These politicians do not respect decorum. They are basically high school bullies and if you don’t hit back, they continue to step all over you. Primila didn’t seem to have a problem with Barr after she reclaimed her time.
School was never good for my mental health, at least High School. I got bullied by all the pretty girls, and they always treated me like a fucking gremlin. And I was constantly told that I just had to put up with it, completely destroying my self confidence to what it is now.
Taking funds from schools, which many are already cash strapped, is a way to bully schools into avoiding this perspective. All curriculum has flaws, but the one with a black perspective is being targeted. That's problematic.
Oh no. Suicide is NOT a choice it is coerced by circumstances. I beg you don't be so disrespectful. Bullyism can be tackled by School authorities - but in 100% of cases, the authorities would punish the weak and the persecuted rather than the bullies.
The bullies in high school won the most popular
I await the day that some fucktard from junior high that bullied me for being weird or "looking like a boy" or for dating a girl pops up to me because NOW I'm more attractive or whatever so I can UNLEASH MY RAGE UPON HIM.
I want to find the correlation between girls who bullied me in high school and their inevitable careers in nursing
y’all got bullied in high school? lmaoo i wasnt goin for nun of that shit. i was jus there to be high and talk to girls
I'mma hang out with EXO Ls and revluvs, help treasure makers with their h.w, bully akgaes and Blackvelvet antis.... Wow school would have been so fun that way
I wish I didn't waste most of my school life wasting living under constant fear of bullies. Now it feels extremely silly now that i am an adult and i always ask myself this "why i let them ruined my social life, what was i even afraid of" but tbh, its mostly girls in my school
I saw a psa about a new girl in high school sit at lunch with the "in" girls who then got up &amp; left her, and a nice girl then sat down with her. If I could Freaky Friday these bully girls would get their asses beat the minute they stepped off school grounds. Parents need ER bills
Okay scientists, now just teach the rats to play hide and seek in the underwear drawer of the girl who bullied me in high school
I was bullied unmercifully by a nasty girl in elementary school. Saw her at my 40th high school reunion, and she IMMEDIATELY said to me, before I could speak, “I’m so sorry. My dad was an alcoholic, and I took my pain out on you.” Realizing that helped: it wasn’t anything I did.
I probably would’ve bullied gun girl in high school
Just had a customer who used to bully me in high school come in and she looks ROUGH. Basically, don’t be a bully kids
The meanest girls in high school are the ones posting about kindness &amp; positivity now bitch u bullied me for 4 years lmao
A grade school was grouping with his friends to bully a friend who has disability. In the end, those friends of his are hypocrite and he's getting bullied later. It's karma. Later, he tries to make amends and being a better person.
It’s like when my elementary school bully messaged me telling me all lives mattered and you should be kind to everyone... he left welts-cuts on my arm for weeks in the fourth grade and never stopped bullying me until I left that school in the 8th grade
what this movie represents. This movie isn't reality, this movie isn't relatable. But what this movie is, is what life would be like if there was no hate, if school didn't have bullies, if gays were accepted for loving each other, if race, gender, sexuality etc wasn't 2/3
A girl back in high school jumped in front of a train because she was bullied
the thing that kills me is the same adults who say *oh you're young, be careful on here, ok?" will be the same adults to bully the shit out of you as if they're overgrown middle school children or something.
Which group does #BunkerBoy fantasize about leading? The other group is running low on equipment. Middle school bullies, mean girls and #MAGAts don't fantasize about healing people.
i hate when girls i went to high school with try to sell me stuff on facebook like no i’m not gonna buy your hsn vitamins, you bullied me in math
Let’s not forget ... shoutout to the “popular” girls who bullied me throughout junior high,&amp; compared titties with each other the locker room I ain’t forget that #lastnightasawarrior
Funny how so many girls are posting suicide awareness stuff on insta but they bullied tf out of people in high school
These are the same wack songs the girls from my high school listen to and think they’re altnevative but bullied me middle school! Luv y’all I don’t forget!
He showed some nice upside in some ways in college, especially with his build. But honestly I think he was sooo dominant in high school that it heavily inflated his draft stock despite major limitations. There was no way he’d thrive at bully ball on offense in the NBA as a 6-6 SF
1000 Doves doesn’t deserve any of the hate it gets yall just like to bully youre all high school bullies
For what it's worth, Barr reminds me of an ancient rock formation in Goblin Valley. The school yard bully can be toppled.
Wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school. Watch the full video here: https://bit.ly/30bj30x
I cannot wait to go back 2 school i am going to bully the shit out of transphobes &lt;3
Large group of young foot soldiers being schooled in how to disrupt speakers corner picking on someone who the police will do little/nothing to protect. School playground bully tactics from those who now have the protection of the establishment.
"We talk a lot about bullying in our schools. Well let me tell you that in this matter the biggest bully right now is the School Board and the senior administration," Peterson said during Wednesday's Board meeting.
Lol bc I just found this throwback picture and my elementary school bully really used to bully me for being fat (caused me so many body image issues) and this bitch was bigger than I was. How tf? I need a redo. Lemme go back and slap some sense into her
His high school girlfriend is one of the most ignorant people I've ever met, as well as his most Dubai-ian friend. They're bullies. Cam would be extremely confident in himself. I think he'll find a girl in his early 40's
If I was still in school I would have loved online learning. I was teased and it made it hard to learn. With no bullies around you learning would come easy! Focusing on education rather than peers
There’s Tumblr girls, VSCO girls, but are y’all ready for Twitter girls? Qualifications: • avi is a mirror pic in underwear / lingerie / bikini • emoji in username • def bullied you in high school • has a premium snapchat • Venmo / PayPal @in her bio • “relatable”
Thanks Rachel & Mike, I remember when my youngest was bullied on the school bus, it broke my heart. I went to the school to talk to the girls involved, told them how they frightened my daughter, they apologized to both of us, and were her friends thru high school.
Laugh at these people, bully them in school and on the street. Show others how little they belong in society.
I'm an Anomaly because I'm a lesbian and came into gay culture with gay men, cross dressers and even transvestites. As a child I fought off male school bullies who went after young gay boys. I didn't know if they were HSTS or just gay but no one else was standing up for them.
Exactly this. PE was the *only* place where my teenage bullies were able to physically assault me and get away with it. I wasn't that bad at sport, but by the time I was 14, I didn't feel safe. I'd had to take days off school due to neck pain, they'd spent 5 mins in time out!
Christine is fucking horrible man. Goes around telling people she was bullied in high school and then starts being a bully in later life #SellingSunset
"@duckford10: @Daziley @wilstone3 @djohnsonbear ha class"cooor you two are a couple of cunts
feetman absolutely used to venemously bully girls in high school for being weird moshers or whatever, and then pitched a fucking fit when she found a used tampon in her PE kit and grassed everyone within a 5 mile radius to the headteacher.
she votes with her feelings, all the way. she will vote solely based on abortion and prayer in schools. but if they seem like a bully (her words) she will vote for someone "kinder". she saw Sanders that way (and Carter, her only Dem vote). she abstained with W.
How about I go onto your Twitter and harass you for getting to wear the colour pink freely without repercussions because my friend got bullied for wearing pink at school! Even though you weren’t one of the bullies — but you do have the same skin colour as them!
1. errrr an irl nickname..? i dont believe i have one but at school i was called repeatedly jaggers and stupid girl
No he’s a COMEDIAN. Bully? smh Child please!! I had worse things said to me in MIDDLE school!
Okay Sardarji! Go through my TL,since u anyway don’t have much else to do,as evident....& you’ll find I’m neither Right winger nor Left.I call out what’s wrong. And neither of u two oldies have yet argued anything on point,& are busy trolling like school bullies.Look at urself!
This just reminded me of 2018, when a girl I went to high school with told me she understood what being a black girl in my school must have been like because she also got bullied for being a SAn German
wtf a disease. one time this girl deadass bullied me in high school bc i dyed my hair pink after her friend dyed her hair pink, n my hair wasn’t even anything close to what the other girl did lmaooo
Omg I did it in high school. I got bullied got called the d slur for cutting my hair. But I also inspired other black girls at my school to do the big chop too and go natural. It was hard but I really enjoyed the process and looking back at it.
U look like every basics white girl who whined abt wanting a sassy gay best friend in high school but bullied the lesbians
Ive had girls that bullied me in high school try to add me on facebook and clicking that delete button is soooo satisfying lol
also the Amanda Seales "jealousy" comment sounds a lot like ya'll lightskint girls who swear up and down you was bullied in high school cuz everyone was "jealous" of you. Totally leaving out the part of you being a insufferable bitch all the time.
#YAMonday excerpt from my NA horror short, Infinite Eater, about a bullied high school girl who finally gets the ultimate revenge against her abuser (CW: eating disorders) https://twitter.com/CBethAnderson/status/1211500964659843074
This woman doesn't speak for me and her 'school uniform' analogy is BS. I wore a school uniform and still got bullied, because mine was bought with a grant rather than going to a branded shop. Bullies with find something, uniform or not.
Imagine how bullied a black girl called Felicia gets in High School
Like I said ... let that go. Darkskin girls get bully way more.. yall got bullied in school. They got bullied even when they finish high school. Like I said let that hurt go. GET OVER IT. stop trying in divide the black community.. because you got your feelings hurt.
-I was bullied so badly that I couldnt even have a recess and had to go help out the kindergarten classes (which I didnt mind) keep in mind I was always the new kid. Changed schools every year until middle/high -This one girl would always send graphic photos to a gc that made me
sadly was the dilemma I faced in teaching middle school. All schools I know of had a rule "you throw, you go." The good kids who wanted to stop the bully did not want, nor did I want them, to get suspended. The bullies did not care...and quite often, sadly, neither did their
Me: Girl who bullied me in high school:
Asked for advice on fb for weight loss for cats from my folks who have cats Middle school bully: stop feeding her so much and get some toys idk Listen Karen she’s already got seventy million damn toys and food is cut down significantly
I agree. Although male, I could never become fond of sport, once I started PE at school. All my PE teachers were, to a man, dull, boring obsessives, assholes and bullies. Put me off for life. I watch some soccer on TV, that’s it.
*heavily bullied in high school* Now I’m 21, already a college graduate with pink hair, multiple tattoos/ piercings, and a darling bf... guess what? Your girl is ALSO in a PhD program and will be Dr. Wicker soon! Thanks bullies! I am living my absolute BEST life
this girl who bullied me in middle/high school just Dm’d me on Linkedin to talk business. do I tell her that I fucked her current man before her and that she’s low key a bitch? or do I just be nice ?
I’m so sorry that you were mistreated and bullied. We will miss you a lot angel. Fly high beautiful girl #Sulli
them high schools bullies on movies hit different. Ugh, pisses me off
girls who bullied me in high school are hufflepuffs now and im garden gnome
AG Barr is a Racist! Jimmy Lohman, who overlapped with Barr &later Columbia University, wrote a piece Florida Flambeau newspaper about Barr being “my very own high-school tormentor”a “classic bully” and “power abuser” in 1960s who “put the crunch on me every chance [he] got.” RT
One of the girls who bullied me in high school told me I was not cool because I wasn’t a “model” like her after she did the mall modeling crap
Trump is like the sixth grade school yard bully. Tries to undermine and intimidate anyone he can.
all throughout my years of high school i have never seen a tall girl get bullied lmaooo what is they on
Yo that does not sound like a fun group of people to be around.. at all.. ever. Fuck that. Sounds like the generic blond girl villain in every tv show about a high school kid that gets bullied.
if me and season one hinata went to the same high school i would bully him
All those nasty bitches sitting in Kyle’s room like they’re teens at their high school friends sleepover bitchin about the pretty girl they’re jealous of. They’re all sitting there pretending to believe Brandi’s bullshit so they have a reason to hate and bully Denise. #RHOBH
Getting bullied online is tough I remember one time this girl in high school bullied me on Tumblr everyday because I was a weird virgin and didn't want to have sex with her she came on too strong smdhhh I deserve it now tho
Y’all this is my last week of school and i have so much work to do to actually be able to graduate. If you see me on twitter in daylight hours PLEASE BULLY ME OFF THIS APP
it seems that the bullies are the ones insisting that kids go to school when cases are raging. You realize that we are in a code RED state right now that other states have put on a banned list? Do you realize how many teachers are refusing to go? Who's going to teach them?
Joe Rogan Episode #5434 Your Bully in High School
better days (2019) dir. kwok cheung tsang — chinese | drama | crime — a bullied high school student and a small-time criminal become the prime suspects in the murder of a teenage girl who turns out to be the student's nemesis for the state Gaokao exam.
Why do girls from high school who bullied you think it’s normal to invite you to their shit Facebook hair dressing pages
@CMOMaharashtra @ShivsenaComms - A girl in the Mankhurd region of Mumbai was bullied by Muslim residents for raising her voice against the blaring of azaan in high volume from a neighbourhood mosque in her area.
I didn’t get bullied in high school for dating a girl just for some people from my school to use pride as an aesthetic,,, fuck off
Oh god where do I start. I had buck teeth, spent almost ten years being called “Rabbit” and was also bullied for being fat. When I got to high school, I was bullied for not wearing makeup, so I was known as the ugly girl who never said anything. Also being bi didnt help either...
Blocking my middle school bully and also the root of the majority of my mental problems is self help right
girl from my high school whom i bullied to and haven't spoken to once in 7 years: *gets married* me: she didn't invite me to the wedding? what a cunt!
i remember when i was 12 people @school used to bully me because i loved one direction &amp; im a black fan &amp; they claimed i don’t belong there because they’re white (the boys) &amp; they make music for white people only &amp; if i kept listening to them that means i’m not a real black girl
president trump reminds me of the school bullys use to pick on me in school and now he gets to bully the entire country. its not right but it will end in november when @JoeBiden wins so everyone please vote #Biden2020
Oh please, don’t martyr yourself. You acted like a school yard bully. I’m not buying the victim role! You get what you wish. Period.
Yet they’ll receive a good portion of that !$105B and if the the government spent $5B of that on installing virus defeating technology systems ( yes they do exist) in schools they’d be totally sterile, teachers would have no excuses and we’d save $100B
A senior at my high school slept with a trans girl and he got bullied so hard he had to transfer schools to another state and I think he changed his last name.
It’s the exact same writing as every girl who bullied people in high school and now runs a handmade candle business
As a 6’2’’ tall woman, seeing that Netflix movie about a tall girl in high school getting bullied is just unrealistic??? I got maybe a few backhanded remarks a handful of times. Also the whole idea that she needs a makeover to be seen as attractive as a girl over 6’0’’.....BAD!!!
big high school BULLIES!!!!
I just found out that the girl who bullied me so much in high school has an insta all about mental health and idk if I should laugh or cry or both
a little piece of me is happy the bullies from my high school never made it to the nhl
why are all the girls who bullied me for being a lesbian in high school on my tinder
everytime i feel happy i remember the girl who bullied me in middle and high school and caused a lot of mental health issues is an influencer
Trump is once again trying to bully schools — and he has a new scheme to try to... https://talkingpointsmemo.com/live-blog/trump-coronavirus-press-conference-season-two-episode-three?entry=1322156 via @TPM
Bunch of bullies playing war. It’s like someone finally gave them the approval to go be the tough guy that they weren’t in high school.
I love seeing other girls who post “girls support girls” but they literally bullied me through high school and after okay that’s a lie botch
I read once that all girls are bullied and are bullies in high school. and it did feel like no girls were ever just nice to each other. So it’s not easy to find. Girls at that age are insidious!!
The only way I could finally get one of my bullies off my back in high school was to turn around and knock him over. He knew how to torment me out of sight, but the day I finally fought back, he never saw it coming. To his little band of followers, it brought him down a peg.
roast beef and this girl definitely bullied me in high school for being gay
#SeniorsHigh a 1/2 hour dramedy which shows that from high school to old folks home, there’ll always be cliques, bullies, drama, love and practical jokes. Because growing old doesn’t mean growing up.
I just got a girl pregnant in high school, so I told my parents I was being bullied and we moved lol
I only have one vivid memory of being bullied in high school I came back from the doctors from having my heart checked for all these disease and I was genuinely scared and at lunch a girl told me she was gonna push me down the stairs To this day idk why she said that
I started highschool literally the year the 2007 crash occured...only reason i went to a catholic school is cuz my mom couldnt afford fresh fits 4 me n didnt want niggas 2 bully me LOL...understandable
Kids wouldn't bully me at school if I had a friend like Mr. Higashikata or Mr. Nijimura do... How do I even get one of those friends?
high school girls are the WORST sometimes i got bullied more by them than anyone else
Maybe a story I have may help it make sense. I was bullied unmercifully when I was 10 by a girl, who was in my school and went on to graduate from my high school. She never came to any of the reunions—until the 40th. At the 40th reunion, she saw me, read my name tag, and (con’d)
No fans because your dear leader ignored intelligence warnings from as early as DECEMBER. He STILL ignores a raging pandemic to golf every damn weekend & he's gonna kill kids, teachers & families as he bullies schools to open to boost his campaign. FU all.
a girl that bullied me in high school came thru the drive thru today kept staring at me????? and i was like:
I don’t have the Facebook app but sometimes I log in just to see if any of the girls who bullied me in high school had a baby with some dude who was popular in highschool but is now just a republican asshole and really do some digging to find out how miserable they are
girls are worst most people are bullied by girls men will just be the sheep and do what there female friends do or if your in high school girl friends. most of the time it is girls picking on girls because for some reson insted of supporting each other we tear eachother down.
I’ve just seen someone write a status of Be Kind, when they legit bullied me in high school and again in Sixth Form. It just pisses me off so much, that they caused so much pain for me and they have the audacity to say that. Girl bye.
So essentially, COVID is irrelevant to the CDC now. I would like to know on the school side how they are going to control bullies who will purposely cough on a student.
Pompeo's brazen lies and school-yard bully behavior make him the worst SecState in living memory
@crayonbreakywil is a bully. a high school freaking bully ᵖᵒⁱⁿᵗ ᵗʰᵉ ᶠⁱⁿᵍᵉʳ ᵖᵘˡˡ ᵗʰᵉ ᵗʳⁱᵍᵍᵉʳ ᵗʰʳᵒʷ ᵗʰᵉᵐ ᵒᶠ ʸᵒᵘʳ ᵗʳᵃⁱˡ ᵗʰᵉʸ’ˡˡ ᵇᵉ ʸᵒᵘʳˢ ᵉᵛᵉⁿᵗᵘᵃˡˡʸ
Sounds like she was bullied by one black girl in high school and she's still angry. She needs therapy.
I was a fat girl with thick glasses, who didn't give give a darn about sports, high school spirit, fashion, or drama. For me it was four years of hell where I was ostracized, bullied, and picked on. The only saving graces were my choir classes, operetta-musical theater, 1/2
i just witnessed some girl get bullied on her first day at royale high- she left but i think she either disconnected or the bullies got to her. it was super sad tho
I nearly got suspended for standing up to a girl who had bullied me for years in high school the gurl ran to her parents and got attention just because they were rich i had reported previously and got no attention at all
The governor of SC, Henry McMasters, has been trying to do away with SC citizens also. He has done absolutely nothing to protect us.We have been in our own since the beginning.He had Pence & DeVos here this week trying to bully the unsafe schools open. Virus #are bad &amp; climbing.
|~ if my middle school days of watching Bully gameplay says anything, yes
Vindictive Little High School Bully Is Now Sheriff ?
Yeah i got bullied in high school by both guys and girls as well. Idk what causes me to be so self conscious when it comes to talking to women (retweeted this cuz it had an error lol)
i wanna fuck a super straight looking girl. like a REAL bethany. i wanna top a girl who looks like she would’ve bullied me in high school
oh girl I wish I would lowkey still get bullied about it in high school
I JUST GROUP TEXTED ALL THE GIRLS THAT BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL ASKING THEM TO PLAY CRAZY 8’s WITH ME
imagine: I'm y/n and shal is my high school bully send twet
i wanna follow my ex best friend because we still talk but she's still friend w the girl who bullied me in high school...... so no
School Shooters are the biggest cowards on the earth Everyone goes through bullying at one point in their life, it sucks but it's true. But if you bring a weapon to school with the intent to harm or kill, your no good than the cowards that bully you. And that's a fact.
The tall girls at my high school weren't bullied, in fact they were popular
Nah, not even themselves. They just feel good if they can exercise power. Meaning, logic, intent, reason are not really needed. As long they can f your sh_t up and get to grand stand over you like a school yard bully, they are happy and content. They are the worst kind of trash
@Dahlia_Sin reminds the girl who bullied me in high school but it would secretly turn me on.
Hahaha isn’t it’s so funny karma works just looked in Gaston county lock up and the girl who bullied me about my weight in high so was on the 2nd page
When the girl who bullied you all threw high school and told you to kill yourself, message and says hi.
The media is trashing my name. Black lives matter and so does my name we need a class action law suit stop hiding and use there real names the media are Like cruel high school bullies
@RepTedYoho you are like a kid that needs time out or a bully in the school yard. Grow up and become decent!
i left school due to mental health (nothing to do with bullies/other students) and did homeschooling, it was the best decision. my mom/therapists/etc were SUPER against it and they made me go back my final year of high school, ended up not being able to finish
Trump's supporters are all the bullies we had in high school who never amounted to anything and now they want to blame everyone but themselves.
Feels like high school bully.
ok so first thoughts on mha... don’t take this the wrong way at but if i went to high school with deku id probably bully him too
i am the middle school bully nobody fucks with me
If you’re in college and still posting about the girl you had “beef” with and bullied in high school, on an insta spam page, you’re straight up trash. Move tf on sis.
Watching Tucker without sound brings up a lot of bad memories of high school bullies.
Watching Tall Girl. I went in with really high expectations but already I’m like????? I’m not doubting tall girls get bullied. But really? “How’s the weather up there?” THAT many times before FIRST period? Also she’s only 6 foot 1. Why is the dad acting like she could die?
i used to plough through book series as a kid, and rewatch sailor moon like a religious penitent every summer in high school. doctor who was my entire fucking identity in college (yeah bully me). now i cant even make myself read a book about something i like
TF???? UT AUSTIN IN 2016 ??? U MEAN KESHI WENT TO THE SAME SCHOOL AS MY SISTER AT THE SAME TIME WTF IM ABOUT TO GO BULLY HER FOR NOT GOING INTO NURSING THEY COULDVE BEEN FRIENDS
the girl meets world episode where darkly gets bullied is the best one to watch high
Reminds me of when a girl bullied me in high school when I said I hated this song and would rather listen to Fall Out Boy
Thinking about how I missed the opportunity to call one of the girls who bullied me in high school a Bernie bro
i just know if jennie went to my school she would bully me
So aparently i made a tik tok account a while ago and i came to know that people follow that dead acc, so I downloaded it to look and A GIRL THAT BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL FOLLOWS ME IN IT YALL LMAO
Oh my god he literally sounds like my middle school bullies who said I didn't even shop at Hot Topic
*middle school bully voice* of course you knew. gay!
I think Biden should refuse to debate trump. What’s the point? He’s just going to lie and try to bully him. Operation Less Is More is working great for Biden. Let’s keep it going. Just make Trump seethe when he refuses to meet him in the parking lot after school.
HIGH SCHOOL. FUCKING. BULLIES.
I’m so glad I can comfortably talk about being a horse girl again without being bullied like in high school
Sorry but everyone’s interested in ambers weight soo... isn’t this Sara girl supposed to be educated because I’m not seeing any evidence of this. All I see is a nasty little high school bully
(Ima stop soon) Blue spring ride and Say I love you - typical high school shoujo but still a good ones. Kimi no todoke- typical shy girl who is bullied get the popular boy but funny and sweet and has a great friendship dynamic. Mushi-shi- quiet but good supernatural show
Girls bully in groups more than $3 million over the course of a school year.
BULLIES! THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES
Omg I was in royale high and when i walked i saw a girl getting bullied!
Social Media Promotion 4 Content Creators, Like Videos, Streams, & Podcasts https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DRrXwU7cPGkE&amp;h=AT0sCprYlwGHSIeecDo9QFOzj2XI_3ew0oomMMeNNkfHYoyX6UbQ99oaA7p8qCuIo4sTG8D6a76fnVXhmpLKHkTWlqW38WFrPYCpU_gQuy7QrxNHIbCXWQNp-MGTxzb0&amp;s=1 School Bully I hate bullies, you hate bullies, nobody likes bullies ▼Watch more: Sex in High School: https://youtu.be/VTNJjOE2MB0 Art of Procrastinating: … https://ift.tt/3hTOyTJ
Seeing all these throwback pictures of me as a freshman and I just wanna say FUCK YOU to all the girls who bullied me out of high school cus I was cute as fuck. I wish I never let y’all win smh
RT @leytonxscott: Annoying ass kids are birth control for me.
thinking about how i let a republican horse girl bully me in middle school never again
Reminds me of the bullies at school who at one point attacked me for wearing long socks and when I switched to short socks like the other girls they attacked me for that too. I couldn't win.
i hate social media influencers man... it’s really grown men out here on the internet living out their repressed dreams of being a “bad boy” bc they got bullied in high school and they couldn’t talk to girls until they were 18
Mom brutally attacked by #teen girls outside #CA high #school; confrontation over bullied - Jan 10 @8:59 AM ET https://oddcrimes.com/static/2020/01/10/Mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-CA-high-school-confrontation-over-bullied-daughter.php
In high school some girl who called herself my friend bullied me about my makeup. Now I do it better then her
if we’re friends or knew each other in the recent past yeah sure invite me to like your band or business but no, girl who bullied me in high school, i will not like your makeup business, no boy i haven’t spoke to since we were 14, i’m not going to like your hair salon in bedale
lol i got literally bullied in middle school when there was a rumor i liked a girl and those same people are wondering why i waited until i graduated high school to talk about my sexuality... fuck off
Shoutout to the girl that bullied me in high school, saying "Bisexuality doesn't exist, you have to choose one. Don't be a whore." #BiVisibilityDay
nice to see school bullies are still.... bullies
not to be dramatic or anything but if billie and i went to the same school, i'd willingly let her bully the living shit out of me
Im a guy and I would be chastised and bullied for refusing to participate in treating girls like this because not participating in this harassment meant I was surely gay, this was in middle and high school so it definitely happens. Believe women when they tell you their stories.
@Mark_Sanchez I almost forgot that you dated a high school girl from Connecticut two years ago. That's how much of a loser you are.
girls who bullied me in high school are imaginations now and im high
He wasn’t the school bully...he was the wimp the bullies beat up on.
Thinking about when a girl in high school bullied me for being gay and I had gang members jump her on my behalf.... My mind
Girls from high school who owned this shirt are finally realizing why they got bullied all four years
For years, the ATA has been promoting anti-bullying programs in their schools, whilst simultaneously using bully tactics on the political playground, demanding more and more taxdollars, yet producing an ever declining quality of education for kids. The hypocrisy is unbearable.
Former high school bullies find their moment under Cuccinelli. Frightened little boys lash out...because Daddy told them to. What’s troubling about this activity is not all protesters are actually protesting. Right wing nuts have infiltrated the protests to damage property.
School Bullies Don't Stand A Chance Against This https://youtu.be/JT5abjOg23Y via @YouTube
There is definitely at least one girl who is in therapy as an adult because Tammy bullied the shit out of her in high school
The fact that they’re pushing 30 and trying to bully teenagers, I just know their ass was getting bullied in high school for being EMO
these are bullies! high school fucking bullies!!
i was bullied at age 12-14 by the [MyBirthName] Hate Club, for doing gender v.wrongly (single sex high school, early 1980s), being introverted, &amp; being too good at schoolwork. then, magically, almost all of those mean girls grew the fuck up. most apologized before graduation.
The school playground is designed for fun; unfortunately it can become a breeding ground for #bullying and #manipulation. Watch this powerful response to a bully then explore how you can take action against coercive and abusive talk in our interactive... https://www.open.edu/openlearn/health-sports-psychology/psychology/bullying-and-manipulation-join-the-resistance
You use to be cool to me, finally stick up to you school bully
the girl who bullied me in high school got evicted and
There’s this girl I went to high school with who just announced she became a social worker. I know people change but she was so mean and literally bullied people all through high school also, she said the N word multiple times throughout high school
Me and Freddy Kruger are gonna pull up on my high school bully and fuck him up
A bunch of lies and fake news. And what's up with the grade school name calling? Bully much?
I had a dream where I was a girl in high school being bullied by others. Wtf is up with my dreams yo? Shits getting weirder.
The girls who bullied me in high school giving a persuasive speech in English class:
Im very tired of seeing other lightskin women claim they were bullied for being lightskin. This high school ass way of thinking ....... Girl no we weren’t...
Who was your high school bully and why did he play lacrosse
Tall girls and chubby girls get bullied all of the time. Even after high school.
LMAO ok so 1- discovered i was gay 2- confessed to the girl 4- got rejected 5- got outed against my will 6- lost half of my friends 7- been bullied during the rest of the year 8- went to high school 9- say hi to depression happy new year to me wheeeee https://twitter.com/aurora_jalboyh/status/1223614783234154497
Meet Aksuna, Coren's school bully turn boyfriend. His breath smells worse than her diapers. Don't stare into his eyes too long or you'll wake up a week later in a dumpster in Detroit, wearing nothing but a tutu and a diaper, with no keys, phone, and a craving for expired dogfood.
Why him Just.. Why did he have to bother him?! He hadn’t even reached the school yet!! He flinched at the tight grip on his arm pulling him closer towards one of the school’s many bullies. Though this one seemed to have a fixation on his older brother, creepy. -
I despise bullies and transphobes but shooting up a school won't do anything good.
100% Bin Laden’s like those kids at school who bully people on Facebook and then don’t come into school the next day
I have a way smaller friend group and to be honest it's been years and it was exhausting.The drama,the upkeep I'm not a high maintenance girl I felt bullied when my nail color was off.I have kitty cat pajamas on and am just chilling #Happiness
Reading this I got the image of a school bully desperately trying to lure/provoke the smart kid into a fight because that's the only way it could defeat m. US is increasingly starting to look like the school bully: no brains only muscles
He thinks he's immune. He got away with this crap before when he covered for ollie north. He's brazen because no consequences have ever been applied to him. He's pushed his agenda since high school. He's a bully in a white man's world.
confronting the primary school bully and then breaking his arm with my pencilcase
The girls who are becoming nurses are the ones who bullied ppl in high school
Back in my school days their were no such things as a free lunch unless you were a bully and stole anothers
girls who bullied me in high school are plants now and im college
half of alt tiktok have a superiority complex and think it’s okay to bully people because they were bullied in middle school.
@catherinebray STOP BULLYING YOUR MUM ABOUT HER GUMS
I feel the exact same http://way.like mfs at my school used to bully me cuz I “talk white” and “oh your black and you haven’t went to jail,pussy”.it went to the point where I changed the way I speak so can I “talk black”.and oh lord it got west when it came to playing -
Every time I see or hear her, I think of that darkskin girl she bullied in high school.
I should seek help because I don’t want other people to get sick? Wow, don’t ever accuse Democrats of being full of hate when you’re this awful. I bet you bullied other girls in high school, too
Middle school bullies are running the Leg and our province
some girl came into my work and said “oh my god i think one of u bullied me in high school”
Great article. I've read a few replies to City tweets lately and seen sneering remarks to 'Bantams Family' and 'happy clappers'. Think I've managed to block or mute the worst culprits. Sadly, think most will never change their ways. Were probably hateful bullies at school too.
Damn I'll be out of high school by then. Be 18, be a little happier than now.
I hope the school is going to put most of that money to use via scholarships. Stop having students take out unnecessary loans for their education. HBCU
he looks like hed bully me in middle school
just saw a tweet saying tall girls never get bullied in high school i guess all the bullying bc of my height was all in my head wow
I’m like still floored by the fact that all the girls that bullied me and everyone else in high school have multiple children
a girl who bullied me in high school had the unmitigated gall to try and friend me on facebook.
in high school I was bullied like a lot and I remember this group of girls were so fucking mean to me and like followed me at school, followed me home, sent me messages on http://ask.fm lol and texted me mean shit all day everyday
...people will just be encouraging stupidity in this country! I tire! If the boy was wrong, charge him and get a court sentence, not bully him like this is a glorified secondary school. I swear, most of our leaders and people in authority are so childish!
This reminds me of a school yard bully session. Pick on the weak kid. The one already beat down. The easy target. One that can easily be crushed.
the girls that bullied me in high school
the same girls who bullied me in high school now ask me to RT their tweets and follow them back
no one : girls who bullied others in high school :
tweeted on my personal that harry was in nj and every girl from my high school that badically bullied me dmd me asking for info i am now their queen
U put some shit on here everything about you is fake news unless its something good thats being said everything else is fake you are like the bully thats in the school yard grow up and wise up and bully in the school nobody had anything good 2 say about him so act your fuckin age
The Envy of Idols: A High School Bully Romance (Rich Boys of Burberry Prep Book 3)
Being fat, wearing glasses, liking games and anime In high school, wearing glasses, my hair earned me (are you a guy or a girl), got bullied more because I wasn’t “thankful for the bullying and being noticed”
Something about lessons of history and repeating? It’s similar to school when the only kids that were on the side of the bully were the weak minded ones who couldn’t think for themselves. Is that us?
I GOT THIS TOO! I was bullied relentlessly by this one girl in High School for being an emo, and that's what the school told my parents. It ended in me getting suspended because I threw scissors in self defence when she was coming at me with a chair in English class???
ha verbal abuse from my primary school bully ;-;
So i am supposed to believe that a high school student came on to a college campus and bullied a college student into admitting that he drugged an underage girl and also gave up his stash of drugs?
i hate those girls who bullied you in high school for wearing thrifted clothes and "non-modern / unfashionable" outfits, but now that they went to college they wear the same clothes you wore and they consider it trendy and fashionable.
there was a ukranian girl at my high school who wore juicy couture all the time and bullied ppl. she was seen having sex with a guy on the bleachers. and also set the girls bathroom on fire.
That whole section of twitter is nothing but whites pretending to be black and/or a bunch of mean girls who got bullied in high school and take it out on others on the Internet because they’re too pussy in real life. They are not “good” people despite well intentioned ideology.
Actually, two people I went to school with did. Both were my bullies. Vicious mean little people. I turned to Stephen on the bus one day (at 15 years old) and said "You know what, Stephen? You'd make a good cop". I said it with distain, but apparently he thought it career advice.
I take 7 kids from Columbine stand them all in a line add an ak47 a revolver a nine A Mac 11 and that ought to solve the problem of mine And that’s a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time @killumi50150718
Good one.... I once accused him of being bullied by a girl in high school who wore an Arsenal top then I got suspended..
Yip. School yard bully and to a certain degree all Godly. The Godliness makes it all acceptable.
the same girls that bullied me in middle school &amp; high school for having big hips/butt are asking for my workout routine now...... suck it whores
I was bullied terribly in elementary school. So badly I switched schools. Didn’t help much. That being said, I loved high school. Going to an all girls school was awesome TBH. I was oblivious to popularity. But I hated being a teenager under my parents. Couldn’t wait to get out.
Woman Bullies Bagger With Special Needs, ‘Lady In Red’ Confronts Her https://taphaps.com/bullies-bagger-with-special-needs-1/ #Social #DownSyndrome #School
I still think it’s unfair that Bart from Mom Jeans is on this list given that he was aged 14/15 at the time. I was bullied heavily in high school, and given the lack of emotional maturity that children have at that age I certainly don’t hold it against any of my bullies
And today, I had the dream of a school bully of mine, pushing a boy with crutches on the street, where he got hit by a car- I tried to tell people about this, but bc the school bully was much more popular(i dream, and irl) than me, no one believed me. It was... horrible.
i had forgotten about the smartphone app that lets high school girls determine who within their peer group is unfathomably truly evil and should be bullied and murdered into utter submission
Had a dream I was in high school getting bullied by a girl who moved in 7th grade, why?
This is too specific. She’s talking about that one girl in jr. high that called her tomato because her skin was blushing and now it’s all dark skin women bullied me girl if you don’t gtfoh
Elementary, for certain. Linguists say Trump's vocabulary is third-grade level. The United States is being run by a grade school bully that strong-arms the smaller kids for lunch money.
all the girls who bullied me in middle/high school grew up UGLY
Impeached Trump is not invincible. We beat him & now he thinks masks are “patriotic”, we beat him & he cancelled @GOP convention, we beat him &amp; now he stopped his bullying on opening schools. We put the “bully” in check! We’ll boot the bully out of @WhiteHouse
Woke up with a heavy heart yaz I'm thinking about how I got bullied in high school for dating a dark skinned girl they called her all sorts of name people were evil back then I wish I could show you her pic what a beautiful woman but I need her to give me the go ahead to upload – at Bloubergstrand
& christine is trying so hard to channel the mean girls that bullied her in high school someone tell this bitch to shut up
I had delayed reactions to bullies/mean teachers and school conflicts in general when I was in grade 1-4..and would instead wake my mother up in the middle of the night to cry to her about all the problems I had during the day
It’s the social media equivalent of high school girls being horrible bullies, so yes. My guess is it’s the ones who were bullied turning the tables.
just saw a girl who used to bully me in primary school on Tinder she's a lesbian too lol
girl this one bitch from high school who bullied me puts polls asking if people want info on her pyramid scheme exactly where I tap right to scroll through. It’s fucked me into a convo with her way too many times
I can only say that if we don't engage the "enemy" on their level then they have already won. The aggressor sets the rules and the rules of engagement have been established. Any school kid knows that the only way to get a bully's respect is to beat his ass That applies here
My new favourite hobby is watching the girl who bullied me in high school profiting off stories about her being bullied in high school, very cool!!
(2/2) The MO State Constitution (Art. VI sec 18(c)) prohibits charter counties from exercising any power over the school functions. Will the school boards and school superintendents in St. Louis County stand up to Page the bully?
WOW, what a read Bill Barr Was a Sick and Sadistic Kid Who Was A Fascist "High School Tormentor" and Bully, Classmate Recalls. https://buzzflash.com/articles/bill-barr-was-a-sick-and-sadistic-kid-who-was-a-fascist-high-school-tormentor-and-bully-classmate-recalls-to-buzzflah
Sounds like something written by a bully boy in high school detention
Not people who used to boarderline bully me in school for liking Taylor Swift putting Taylor Swift songs on their insta stories oh my god hahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahaha I'm fine I swear I'm not bitter at all (Also you stupid bastards missed the whole point of the song)
I shouldn't have bullied him in high school. Now he stole my girl and is ledge trapping me
Oh, honey. You have no fucking CLUE the amount of assholes I've had to knock in the dirt when I had longer more vibrant hair. From high school bullies to abusive family members. Hair is not a determination of who's left standing after a fight.
Girl u can put “always be kind” in ur instagram bio but don’t forget you bullied me in high school
I JUST MATCHED WITH THIS GIRL WHO BULLIED ME IN JR HIGH HELP MEEEEE
i want shawn as my brother, boyfriend, sugar daddy, best friend, cat sitter, bully, schools nerd.
If I ever opened a school, the bullying policy would be out of this world. First of all, students would be pre-screened for bullying behaviors. Then they’d be automatically expelled the first time they even try to slightly bully someone else.
some of y’all talk about bakugou like he was a mass bully in middle school. yes he was an absolute asshole but he only bullied midoriya, largely because he was quirkless (which obviously isn’t okay) but damn he didn’t bully everyone he layed his eyes on.
@ITV I'm white and nearly 50 but was bullied at school. My ears were too big, I was fat and thick according to the bullies. I rose above it and became a bloody good chef. When are you going to campaign against #bullying in general and not just #blm?
the boys at school used to call me meg to bully me (in reference to family guy) little did they know they were rly calling me meg because I grew up to be a stallion
I was bullied for being an emotional boy. I also almost exclusively made girl friends through high school. Later realized I was gay, which was also something I got bullied for. School sucked. :V
Not to be sad girl already in2020 but as someone who’s been relentlessly bullied for things like watching anime in middle in high school, it doesn’t compare to how bad ppl give me shit now a days in my big age for liking BTS and it’s honestly just annoying at this point
Why do all the girls who bullied me in high school work at Dutch bros wtf
The Gun and The Bully had my ass STRESSED in middle school.
Got bullied for acne and for drawing breasts. a girl beat me up in gym class over it and then years later felt so bad about it that she bought me gifts every week in high school???
1 or2 -63 yo white woman. Not racist. Schools segregated when I was in 5th grade. Went to school with blacks all thru middle & high school. Was friends with many. Was also bullied and terrorized by one black girl all thru middle school. Me = 98 lbs weakling. Her = 130 big girl.
You really must have been bullied at school, right? That is how and why people go onto attempt to be bullies themselves behind a imaginary wall they have built around themselves in their own homes on the PC Word to the wise, your words only have meaning to you and not me
a random high school girl told me i was pretty at the mall and i think i flinched because i thought i was being bullied so that’s how i feel about myself
Wishing my Dad the Happiest of Birthdays and a Blessed Year. Thank you for everything you’ve taught me from math, to not missing a day of school, never back down from a bully, Business, the Power of Real Estate…
Interesting how bullying education in school is based around being the victim and not geared toward preventing being the bully
When people bully another they go for someone weaker than them and probably smaller/younger. Assuming all of ateez were in high school, i'd assume Yunho's brother was already in college if not already had a job as you can see him working in his studio.
wtf why are u being a high school bully
Not this girl who bullied me in high school getting pit for harry
Democrats are a bunch of school yard bullies, if I was Barr I would have walked out of that dog &amp; poney show.
Seeing bullies and pieces of shit in high school continue to be pieces of shit post high school a decade later really warms my heart.
I had a bully in elementary school I remember he was a lot bigger and pushed me in the sand a few times. So i said fck it and just threw sand in his eyes, he cried. It might have been cheap, but it got the job done. He didn’t bully me again. Lmao idk why I brought this up
Fin wesslou hadouk lqhibat from high school who used to bully and look down on you because you were singing along with Elissa and not Zaho in the locker room?
online school bau online school bully
In other words, do what the rioters want, and they'll be nice to you? I'm guessing you gave a lot of school bullies your lunch money growing up. I say take the handcuffs off the police, let 'em kick some Antifa/BLM ass, and the problem goes away quick, fast and in a hurry!
My daughter was bullied by the "it" girls in high school, because she was tiny and not 'developed'. She walked the halls with her head down, trying not to get noticed. I fumed. Time has brought redemption, but the hurt still stays. #IStandWithRayden
Mr Newsom On the "COUNTLESS" scenarios as this, raising taxes 11 billion and people leaving California in droves you better hope that someone is left to vote for loser! Mom attacked by teen girls outside CA high school over bullied daughter https://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/0Nnw4OSA?s=a2&amp;pd=03BFVmgk
#TallGirl @netflix was really amazing and beautiful!Back in high school I was known as the short girl or called the shortest!I got bullied cause of it!So please think before ya speak or better yet don’t say anything cause words hurt @SabrinaAnnLynn you were really amazing in it
Just found out the girl who bullied me in high school just legally changed her name to pidge after the character from voltron
US Man Baby President: “Nobody likes me” This is the narcissistic egomaniac idolized by every cop in America, the unchecked bullies tormenting American citizens. Vote like you want Middle school to finally be over with.
why some girl from my high school on fb talking about she might not go to the class reunion because she was bullied, then had the nerve to name me as one of the bullies. LMFAOO I AM CRYING. bitch.
With everyone staying home and isolating themselves to help stop the spread of the coronavirus, now is not the time to push your pyramid scheme on the girls you bullied in high school. Thanks for coming to my ted talk
thankfully walang bully sa school.
u look like a girl that would have bullied me in high school and i say that with all the love and adoration in my heart i think i’m in love with u
We found that most peer victimized adolescents felt less depressed and anxious if they had an emotionally supportive best friend. But, high levels of best friend support seemed to “backfire” for peer victimized girls if they thought their best friend was also bullied. (5/6)
I got bullied really bad for my weight. Everyone in high school was developing all these features and I just never caught up so guys would make fun of me and girls would talk about me. I mean I’m still little ash but like they niggas like it now so w.e
Four important high school albums. https://twitter.com/hitlerpuncher/status/1287093179192430592
I recognize it because being North Indian, I have wavy, thick hair and when white kids in TX would try to bully me in school, they would always comment on it before calling me gay. Republicans also ran videos of John Edwards combing his hair set to West Side Story. Classy, huh?
I went through all the people who liked the post. Too bad I don’t see a real Man in there, all seem like kids who always got bullied in High School and some ugly girls lol. I feel bad for those people I really do they are just ugly. !! #nosecularism #rightwinger
I got bullied for being feminine and having girl friends, having a high pitch voice, being chubby and for being in musicals/choir and let’s not forget my personal favorite because I wasn’t athletic and acted gay. It’s taking sometime but I can’t let the haters keep me down.
deaf girl gets bullied in middle school by this guy, and years later in high school the guy tries to redeem himself
girl i don’t block people i take joy in seeing you angry. nobody bullied her. it’s stan twitter. this isn’t high school. are you okay????
There's a girl who bullied me in high school, I can't wait to see her now that we're adults. Yes I'll probably be a mean bitch towards her and I don't care what she's going through, ndizomthuka
Why does she look like the girl that bullied you in high school who is now hassling...sorry, hustling in your DMs about a “wonderful business opportunity” to sell pyramid scheme make-up?!
My book is about a girl who is bullied in high school. She also falls in love with her best friend. And she has bunny ears. Please vote for my book! https://www.sofanovel.com/book/spring @sofanovelglobal #webseries #webnovel #LGBTQ #loveislove #romance #amreading #book #lightnovel #shortstory
It's middle school logic. They're hanging with the bully to avoid getting bullied.
This gives me such high school bully vibes.
I want a cut of every girls OnlyFans that bullied me in high school for being a slut
I wish there was a mean bitch in my high school who bullied me and straight up told me not to go for a guy who likes certain features on a girl that I may not have. I don’t care how cute I was in high school, BITCH you should’ve told me that...
Ever since then, any complaints I made to my folks didn’t go unattended to. But I became cold. I hated people. I didn’t have friends in high school cos I was like a shark on defense. Even now, I don’t have as much female friends cos I was bullied by mostly girls.
I forgot my snap story wasn't private and one of my high school bullies just watched the entire thing. Ma'am are you fucking lost ?
"In a world where you can be anything, be kind" says the girl who probably bullied you in high school and made your life Hell but, now that the host of her favourite trashy reality show sadly killed herself, suddenly gives a shit about mental health and kindness towards others
That girl on the left, was the girl who cried constantly cause she was bullied all throughout high school for being a “a scholar from a public school” or cause she didn’t speak english that well, yet she chose to grow from that experience. On the right is who she is now. 1/3
This is it this is the moment the perfect description of a girl I knew in high school no one bullied her but she was generally a weirdo who was very very determined to become Korean in any and every way possible even with the weird cringey shit she was crazy obsessed and annoying
Bill Barr is from the School of Bullies..., if you speak loudest and overtop of everyone else..., you win.
I 100% agree. I keep hearing from some parents who are saying “I’m not letting the school bully my kid into wearing a mask or social distancing.” This just can’t be allowed to continue. We need to protect or teachers and students.
Weird thing about making friends post school, you meet your new friends old friends and realize your new friend would have been one of the girls who bullied you in high school.
I am absolutely FLOORED about this situation. A autistic boy named Korvin can be seen in this video being bullied and harassed by a group of girls at Rowland High School, CA. These girls were to only be suspended for 5 days. FIVE DAYS? they should be expelled. #justiceforkorvin
High school was crazy, being bullied and the girl who bullied me was treated as the victim because her mum was more involved than mine
It’s like all the bullies in school grew up and went to the police academy to make it official.
Y’all someone really told me they don’t want no advice from someone that has ratchet ass eyebrows (me obviously) I hate working with former high school bullies, I was just trying to compliment you ho
4 Albums important to me in High School
And my dasher was one of the girls that bullied me all through middle and jr high school.
Hi Luca. Bullies are losers. You are much better than them. School is over before you know it and life will be great. All the best.
Just remembered a girl who bullied me incessantly in high school. I remember asking her why the shit she did that some years later and she apologized and told me she just thought I was super cool and she was jealous of me. I still can't comprehend how or why she was jealous.
if u personally have experienced it actually getting in the way then that’s ur experience but the way everyone’s been talking about it lately it’s literally like they’re being their own high school bullies... It’s Okay To Be Passionate About Things, Guys. No Matter How Cringe.
A girl I went to high school with tweeted that people who got bullied in middle school need to get over it like you’re clearly showing you were the bully lol
I remember when I had a bully in middle school school... he was an asshole... he hit me, he pinned me against a wall and treated me like shit. The next time he tried that, I kicked him in the balls and kneed him in the face.#Stand up for yourself coward
The same men who bullied girls in high school for being curvy are the same ones drooling over thick girls now.
Yes girl...I agree on that. And I was. I was also bullied for being fat &amp; poor (in high school). Probably by these same people's parents...
This is a direct result of MN govs, legislators & school districts allowing the teachers union to bully &amp; make demands for many many years. It is time to #AbolishTeachersUnions.
Story 2.) Bug Queen: A high school girl obsessed with bugs gets bullied at school, until she gains the power to control bugs and slowly begins her own metamorphosis into a deadly creature. Also yes I realized I shouldve posted the plots first before throwing the poll up.
In other words; ‘Keeping letting the school yard bullies keep knocking you down’.
Had a dream about being bullied in my old high school’s girls bathroom and then proceeding to throw a wet paper towel at a bitches face and leaving lol
yeah he also mentioned targetting everyone else in the school. it would be kinda impossible to pinpoint target ur bullies anyway
“In thee Upset of the Millennium: New Kid shows up to School and knocks the Lunch Tray out of the Bully’s Hands, then punches Him in the Gut and knees Him in the Nose...”
I mean it's make the tournament more interesting I'm kind of expecting him to sweep it, unless eye patch wolf is that bully from Connors school
This girl from my high school who I cannot stand and who bullied me went back to visit the school and everyone’s like “oh she is the best and the sweetest xoxo” WHEN WILL THEY SEE THE TRUTH
7) MA&THBP) Basically a high school you can tell some guy spread a rumor about something that didn't happen and the girl is being bullied because of the boy's lies. The liar boy is school president and QBThe boy she does like is there for her and they weather the storm together.
Those were the girls at my high school who bullied people and failed all their classes
All the girls that bullied me in high school about my monobrow have to get their brows microbladed now
On the plus side, I learned if you have people laughing, they are less likely to bully you. I remember that happened in high school and I manage to knock everything in the cafeteria over. It was known as wounded swan lake. I see the humour it, like my autism. I’m unique person.
5 Facts: 1. I used to get bullied but all the people that bullied me be tryna get in my drawls 2. I turned into a pothead lol 3. I dated a girl 4. I’m one of the best people to have as a friend or in your corner 5. I’m a great driver especially when I’m high.
My favorite thing to think about high school is the fact that all the girls that bullied me look like crackheads now
Apparently to moms, if a guy bullies you in school, he likes you.
I was also bullied by a girl in high school over my weight. I saw a photo of her the other day and she hasn't aged very well
specifically the ones that bullied spooky girls in high school and now just wanna be with the trends
I was that hot bossy brat who bullied girls like your weak pathetic wife back in high school... nothing’s changed.
girls who bullied me in high school are weeds now and im la croix
The girls who bullied me back in high school because they didn’t like me, your boyfriends did.
I m really out here making fun of Tall Girl while I,myself,was bullied in high school for being tall
when i play high school story i flirt with the bully. what are you gonna do about it
I know what it's like to be a bully. I was one in elementary school over this white girl with a hair lip. I actually made things right at one point and she betrayed me afterwards by lying after I decided to stop messing with her.
I should have bullied more girls in high school.
Actually the officer was shining a light in the kid's face. He acted like a high school bully, slapping the phone away. I'm not feeling like these people are even trained to do what they do. Are you? Your militant Randos could leave our cities right now and this would just end.
So in high school I got bullied a lot by this one girl who always tried to say that I was easy and a whore (even tho i hadn’t even had sex yet but besides the point) anyways I always remember this one time she tried to be funny by asking me why I was standing a certain way and
They think they're funny, but it just makes them look like middle school bullies that can't handle their actual work so they're using petty humor as a distraction.
Oh boy, time to go hunt down bullies from primary school and hang their heads over my mantelpiece to restore any honour I've lost through my many fuck ups.
(2/2) The MO State Constitution (Art. VI sec 18(c)) prohibits charter counties from exercising any power over the school functions. Will the school boards and school superintendents in St. Louis County stand up to Page the bully? https://www.stltoday.com/news/local/metro/page-says-more-restrictions-in-st-louis-county-possible-if-coronavirus-cases-continue-to-grow/article_c11b1fb1-7f78-56ac-98d8-07cbfb7bbb39.html#utm_source=stltoday.com&amp;utm_campaign=%2Fnewsletter-templates%2Fpolitical-fix&amp;utm_medium=PostUp&amp;utm_content=5bd8b4b585b0024e0c7fb4d8f9ec3274bc64a6fe
I never got any shit from straight people and yet it’s the homosexuals on twitter dot com that took it upon themselves to bully me just like in middle school
The one where the parents of kids that this high school mean girl bullied tied her to a football goalpost and stoned her to death
The girls who got bullied in high school for being black. Clearly came out on top #BlackGirlsRock #naturalhair
I had this therapist I was forced to see in middle school. I hated her at first. I hated always getting called crazy and stupid as a child, and every adult brought in to "fix" me was either a totally inept dipshit or a cruel sadistic bully. Lydia was different though.
How is he Ranking Member without passing the bar? He’s so obnoxious & disruptive. Like the big loud-mouthed campus jock in high school no one can stand. He’s a jackal &amp; a bully who thinks he’s entitled. I can’t wait for his comeuppance. It will be glorious. VOTE JIM JORDAN OUT!!
Wow I had this issue earlier today w/ another SWer bullying me Made me realize growing up being bullied to now, I been bullied more by other SWers because they are acting like they never grew out of that mean girl high school vibe. It doesnt have anything to do with me.
SPOP Tumblr is super laid back and full of great metas and analysis. SPOP Twitter reminds me of the girls who bullied me in High School.
was probably bullied in high school and girls didn't pay him attention ...so he invented a WWE version of Jesus he can follow
every time I see a take about being bullied by girls in middle school or high school for liking nerd stuff as a male exclusive thing I want to scream I was bullied by both girls AND boys for being a weird girl but do you see me mad that cute girls like anime now? NOPE
High school bullies!
embarrassing is being exposed for having bullied girls in high school as umjita. low life-ism
To be honestly being a girl over 6 foot in high school is hard I got bullied a ton and I know a few other very tall girls were picked on as well I don't think it needs a whole movie for it tho.
LMAO at Wheeler getting booed. What a great lesson on how trying to be part of the mob to show your wokeness just makes you the laughingstock of the people. Does he not remember how high school worked? The mentality of these rioters is exactly the same as high school bullies
i thought u were my fuckin sassy gay bully from high school i had a fuckin heart attack holy shit
me watching the girl who bullied me in high school post the bible on her story
I stumbled upon the Gordon Ramsay YouTube channel and it is truly golden. I understand why he’s so high-strung at restaurants. This man gets straight up bullied at home by teenage girls
they’re old enough for sure but they’re straight up bullies the type of girls who would have bullied me or anyone else for looking different in middle school/high school
This woman is delusional. I watched the whole freaking thing and Barr was the one the dems we’re trying to humiliate and bully. They’re a bunch of disrespectful goons. NADLER is the head goon and treated Barr like a school kid asking for a restroom break.
i just know i’m gonna see at least 4 girls from my high school that bullied me for my short black hair and red eyeshadow at the MCR show and i’m PUMPED
Can’t believe I went to high school with someone who believes Onward and Trolls 2 promote Satanism. Girl, your husband bullied me for being fat on the regular and was a perv bully. We can sweep all that under the rug bc of Jesus then claim people laughing at you are bullies? K.
if it ain’t a 5 incher and a girl who was probably bullied in high school i DONT WANT IT
How about this for simple, until you have a solution to teach school shooters to avoid negative interactions with their bullies, your clearly poorly-thought out opinion doesn’t hold much weight. Fix your own house before you make suggestion on someone else’s.
I wish fat women had first dibs on Lizzo tickets tomorrow, not fair that I have to compete with skinny girls who bullied people for being fat in high school, to see my queen
i ain’t forget those guys in middle school who would hmu for nudes and tiddie pics but have the audacity to bully me when they was w their friends LOOOOOOLLL garbage
Me sitting back watching all the girls that were bullies in school go into healthcare or working with children
yenno, years of being bullied in high school would do that to a girl
It will Never be 100% safe not from coronavirus, not from the flu,not from school bullies .Nothing is 100% safe .Unfortunately Team Panic Porn makes up most people .in reading comments in Twitter and Facebook that's http://clear.it might be 80% or more of people.
And a small number of us are bullied by our mothers due to THEIR discomfort into comphet. Same goes for all those girls in high school who were raised similarly, and who were rewarded for their natural femininity and heterocentrism. Comphet sucks. -_-
cliche high school nerd and bully au but after graduating both join a boyband and now they have to get used to seeing each other everyday, and jimin has to resist from beating the older up.
I wouldn't be the son that I am Without a father who showed me I can Face all the bullies at school You taught me how to keep my cool I wouldn't be who I am
u just seem so annoying i bet they bully u in school
as the girl who was one of the tallest people in my high school, this shit is so false!!! i never got bullied for my height, always for other things. there’s literally bigger things to make a netflix movie about than a tall girl getting picked on for her height
no one: girls who were bullied while somehow simultaneously peaking in high school:
you look like someone who would bully me in middle school but still, i do like you lmao
Bullied for being skinny and for wearing weaves in middle school. Then in high school they was copying my shit. Today, them same girls who bullied me for being skinny always hitting me up about wanting to be my size. Those same guys also stay in my DM’s.
Baby Shower of the girl who bullied you in high school
The hot girl that bullied you in high school and took your lunch money. Now instead of lunch money, it’s your entire paycheck. finD findom brat finsub blondebrat collegebrat paypig cashslave worship kink fetish $end $erve $ubmit
You GO Girl, don't let them get you down!! Gutsy high-schooler harassed, bullied over Trump support
What was the conversation was leading up to the name calling? What triggered Yoho to use such nasty language? In any case there's no excuse for Middle school/playground bully insults anywhere, but especially between public figures on the Hill.
You keep forgetting or maybe you don't know that a lot of people become police officers because they were bullied and made fun of in high school,not very lucky with girls,a lot of serious psychological shit going on in there head's,then you give them a gun and a green light
one of my foh managers has her done like girls that bullied me in high school that weird red and blonde dye job
Me too. Bullied throughout High School. Grateful for it now. Taught me to be a good Mom to teach my girl's self love &amp; love of others!
the only regret i have from high school is that i didn’t take the opportunity to bully these hateful ass mfs
I'm sorta scared for Vinny in high school. He was bullied for wanting to dance, but most likely that's over.... http://t.co/sIinaWs
“Baseball.” She said with a laugh, continuing to walk down the boardwalk. “I dabbled in high school. The only girl on the baseball team.” She chuckled. “And before you ask, yes, I was bullied for it. Hard. But I battled through it.” She sighed, gazing up at the Ferris wheel and—
She looks like hot badass queen in school where everybody thinks she's bully but then she's a student council president and top student
The girl who bullied you in high school calls herself an empath now.
This is a skill I have never had (or possibly it was drummed out of me in elementary school by bullies). My default reaction to someone coming at me angry is "what did I do wrong?"
he was relentlessly bullied and made misable by transphobic bullies at school and he targeted them in a an attack with his fellow queer classmate Devon Erickson.
This girl who bullied me in Middle/High School and supported Autism Spe*ks is having a baby with her husband (also crap) and it really served as a reminder of how if you're not ready to have an autistic kid your not ready to have kids at all and tbh I'm so scared for their child
girls who bullied me in high school n middle school for wearing docs n dressing ”weird” got bloody ankles now lol have fun breakin em in
What where you bullied for in school?? Mines is cus my voice isn’t as high pitched like other girls &amp; bc I was chubby??
girls who bullied me in high school be like “I love 13 reasons why”
lmao are you a girl from my rural alabama high school that tries to get me to be your bff and join a pyramid scheme even tho you bullied me throughout our school days
Anyone who doesn’t say Mean Girls was bullied in high school.
you know what’s annoying? ppl who judge others.. ur not a middle school bully. go read a book or smth
ME: I wish I was cool GENIE: ok ME: And popular GENIE: ok ME: And girls like me GENIE: *takes off mask to reveal it's Greg who bullied me in high school* Hey everyone guess what the little fag said
Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/XvbxyCpn via @Change i hope these girls get the karma they deserve. they truly are disgusting human beings
Brb erasing five years of hell at an all female high school after being outed as a bisexual because no bi girls don’t get bullied for being attracted to other girls apparently only lesbians do
yes. your high school bullies are alt now. Please seek employment
A magical journey and a bully turned hero!? This middle school teacher is sold! #SFFpit #MG
Weird. I’m watching a Law & Order about a high school girl getting bullied &amp; harassed online. So fitting
I was bullied pretty hard before high school. Girls bully by isolating you and crushing your self worth. When I started high school I had zero friends left.
oh let’s add too that blaine DATES KURTS HIGH SCHOOL BULLY! how the FUCK do you like him more than kurt
That's like me eating a bucket of fried chicken every day in front of my high school bully saying "SEE WHAT YOU'RE DOING TO ME" yeeeeeesh
Y'all are lucky. I hated that year because I wanted to drop out of high school because of my bullies and I erased that from my memory
Yas is a university professor but she behaves like an immature high school bully by calling ppl who disagree with her "stupid".
fight fire with fire and fight your school bully by paying me to come to your school and fight your school bully my services are currently on sale
My middle school bullies on Facebook: “I am passionate about mental health ” Bitch imma fuck you up
Luca - I know it may feel like a solution to change school but it usually isn’t. These horrible people are the ones with the problem and any school which says they don’t have bullying, is lying. I wish we had a magic wand to make these bullies into nice people but it takes time.
That certainly is the fix. It works both ways whatever marginal benefit there is for being light skinned you certain can be be bullied for it also. My sister was light skinned and pretty much almost dropped out of high school from being bullied by dark skinned girls. We got to...
There's a special place in hell for teachers who bully their students (from elementary to high school to university) and women who try to keep other women down Good on you for reaching out to other faculty for support and review
PERIODT! Having to find out that one of my sisters got bullied because the girls in her classroom don't like how she speaks English all the time. The audacity of some high schooler are just disgusting.
i had a dream... that mRobin (of the nintendo DS game, fire emblem: awakening (2012)) walked into my high school party wearing THIS exact shirt, made out w chrom near the punch bowl, mean girl bullied me, and then left. and for that i say . thank u, sir
Miyano is known to be the school bully. He’s also apart of the Yakuza. Which is a japanese gang known for their ruthlessness. He was mad and wanted revenge.
i also do, in fact, remember high school, where i distanced myself from the popular theatre girls &amp; they ended up writing in my yearbook at the end of the year that they all had girl crushes on me bc i was the “cool gamer girl.” i also remember being bullied. both can exist at -
Like I’m trans & uncomfy with it NOW. In high school 9 years ago I was depressed, closeted, self hating, &amp; overall annoying in my opinion. I’d hate me then . I used terms like “he-she” to my friends. I BULLIED a, now fellow T*Girl classmate, that hits on me on Grindr now.
best video game soundtrack of last year is from hypnospace outlaw, a game set in 1999 where you visit angelfire-like blogs, including one that riffs on ishkur’s guide. also notable is a high school bully’s page where you hear this linkin park-like song.
girls who bullied me in high school are either a part of christian twitter and tweeting bibles verses or a part of cherry emoji twitter and tweeting pics of themselves licking knives there is no in between
if we're really on the "school shootings are ok if i'm an impotent little fag who wishes they did the same to my bullies" wave then aight i guess
she really looks like a high school bully im crying
Let me simplify it for the incompetent. Your kid goes to school and gets bullied and ends up getting punched by the bully. Your kid defends himself and beats the bully up. Your kid gets suspended and the bully gets written up, how would you feel?
MY ART SUCKS AND YOURE ALL LIARS!!!!!!!!!!!!! HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
I’m the hot girl who bullied little bitches like you in high school. I’m so good at putting men in their place, I don’t even have to say a single word to do it. You already feel my power. - findom femdom finsub cashslave -
Mrs.Trump, I know how you feel abt your son, bc my 2 girls were bullied b4 &amp; that individual who did it, is no longer on this planet..someone who sits high &amp; looks low saw what was done..it will be Ok-believe me I’m a witness!
Ok so I’m the 2nd grade I went to a very diverse school so the was a girl and I use to bully her to the point where she didn’t want to go to school no more my dad beat me so bad with a stick and recently I seen her and I felt so bad for doing that .
Crazy how people that use to be bullied in school turned out to be full blown dumbass bullies themselves when they become adults
happy birthday to my middle school bully i still and will forever hate u
The e-boy /e-girl tic toks are admittedly cringey, yes.But if we’re being honest with ourselves they are no older than 18-19. Most of my Twitter mutuals are ADULTS. No one cares that you were bullied in high school for doing xyz, the e-boys/girls weren’t the ones bullying you??
the girl that bullied you in high school now runs a twitter account where she posts completely unfounded inflammatory lies about internet content creators and her opinion is taken just as seriously by the masses as someone who actually did their fucking research. fuck that
I need to explain why I cut myself in that one photo. I was bullied in high school by some girl who hated me for being white and catholic. She’d push me, call me names and recently she prank called me saying The exact same stuff. (1/??)
A silent voice. it’s about this guy who bullied this deaf girl in middle school and made fun of her for using sign language then later on in high school or college I can’t remember, he actually learned sign language and finds her and it’s so sad n cute
Series Re-Reveal ~ Arcadia High Anarchists Series by Author Max Henry, Genre: High School Bully Romance, Pre-Order for “Done Deal” is available, all other books in the series are Available Now! ~ @MaxHenryAuthor @GiveMeBooksPR
why does mayonaise talk like the white girls who bullied me in high school and went into health care becasue they "care about people and want to help"
My 8th grade English teacher told my mom I needed to be enrolled to an all girls high school because I was distracted in class because of boys. Sir, I was bullied everyday but ok
How does every day get worse? Remember the unchecked narcissistic sociopathic bullies from grade school? Well, they grew up, and their daddy’s put them in power. And now we get to live in a world led by unchecked narcissistic sociopathic bullies.
at least art school gave me these sick graphic design skills so I can bully politicians online with gay edits
Not to throw all bi people under the bus but there also seems to be a pretty strong connection between girls who identify as bi now and the girls that bullied me mercilessly in high school for ‘looking and acting like a lesbian’
And then the things that keluaq from my mouth has some weights in it. That shouldn't be burdened a young child lah. And the things repeated again. The truth that i told has make other people in trouble, but especially to me, which led to all the bullies back in school.
but then Sunday night that stress hits like a school yard bully.
My name was made by bullied, I couldn't afford clothes in high school and I was growing out of them and so a girl started calling me tightkidd and got the school to call me that, it went on for 3 years. Then I got myself an Xbox and I decided to use TightKidd as my gamertag
I feel bad, I don't remember his name, but there was this retarded man in my school, and he didn't fuck with no one, but people fucked with him, and that's when I got my case of the ass. he did nothing wrong, and I defended him from bullies.
also i was such an outcast in high school - i never felt like i fit in with the other girls cause i wasn't at all interested in the same things they were (boys, traditional "girly" things), and i was bullied very badly in 9th grade bc i didn't fit in and was shy. this seems (6/7)
Schools couldn’t give two fucks about bullying. They expect that the posters work and treat the bully victims like they did all the bullying then when a kid kills themselves because of it they say it’s either phones and such or they “really didn’t see the signs”
This is the kind of whore that definitely bullied girls for being emo in high school like hop off the face of the earth
Unpopular Opinion Time: the ones saying that their kids will miss the best times of their lives by missing in-person school even though COVID were the bullies growing up. #YallKnowWhoYouAre
On soul, just my size alone is what I always got bullied about. Even when I got in high school I felt discouraged and insecure on the way I looked, what didn’t make it better is hearing “you’re pretty for a big girl”. Til I got older and accepted the way I looked.
It's still a family's name. My family name is Gay. When my kids were bullied and beaten up as a result of prejudice and ignorance, a school principal suggested than giving them my maiden name might stop the bullies. Leave names alone.
Omg so much. I don’t talk about how much I got bullied in school that often because I’m just not that girl no more but mannnn it’s so much that I felt like I had to fight the entire time I was in elementary/high school. I’m so grateful it’s over! And I don’t wish that on any kid
Shawty was bullied in high school and now she got 24k on IG. Same girl y’all called a man on this here app There’s no balance to life.
I was being bullied in class and asked my teacher if I could call my mom for emotional support. She instead made a joke about me because some reason at Black schools teachers love to bully students. So I wrote her a hate letter
That may pass if you're still in high school as a bully, but this is coming from an elected US Congressman that should be way past that type of loutish behaviour. Ignoring it by just brushing it off as harmless banter is probably why it still exists.
I PROMISE WE’RE NOT ALL LIKE THAT most girls who are like that are white, preppy, bullied ppl in high school and only do it for the money
VBJHDNKDSHBJNK WHY DID I LET MYSELF GET BULLIED BY THIS GIRL IN HIGH SCHOOL SHE'S SO UGLY LMAO
And Peter was more of a bully than the bullies in his school
//It's getting late here. My writing pace is slowly getting better and better. Soon, i should be able to be back at my peak and prime. Goodnight, my dear slut. I shall be back tomorrow(or in 7-8 hours, depending on your timezone.) It makes me so happy to rp again with you all.
they would bully me in high school
They are like overgrown school bullies swaggering around in their gang. They think like johnson they're untouchable, above the law, and fantasists gaslighting everyone. Ive never known such viciousness and im in my 50s! Its terrifying knowing people fall for the lies!
Girl in the braids looks like she's made of pure evil wtf she literally has the face of a typical secondary school bully who manipulates the whole school into emotionally torturing that 1 poor kid who's never done anything to hurt her. R/oddlyspecific
my mom was bullied by this girl in high school and as revenge she decided to take her brother to prom
I'm sure the school bullies from the year above beating the shit out of little Orchid Snapdragon will also think the name is "whimsical".
100% reaks of a guy who got picked on in high school to no end, now wants to go bully high schoolers and try to look like a badass. The irony is, he'll probably just get more shit than ever.
girls who bullied me in high school are imaginations now and im childhood
"@CHlLDHOODRUINER: when ur teacher tells u that u have homework https://t.co/RKk5vawIj1" this bitch need to go!!!
True story happened in school too AQ witnessed it and to this day bullies me abt it
sometimes it really be dont because i recall high school was not a fun time especially with social media you tell the wrong girl you like her you end up bullied or pressed by an abusive ex or some shit some of that don’t be cap niggas just don’t be beat for the drama
THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
Calling yourself “outspoken” is just another way to say “yeah I was a bully in high school and I have no other personality traits to excuse that so I’m just going to continue to be a grown ass adult bully” #BachelorinParadiseAU
Then as I went through high school I got bullied for being pretty . I was NOT popular because I was so very shy. I'd have the football players or older guys hit on me. Popular girls HATED that because I was a nerd and never talked. I hated it too. Leave. Me. Alone. Everybody.
When I was a high school freshman this boy used to leave closed mousetraps on my desk and I think about that a lot because it seems like open mousetraps that could snap on me would be more effective as a bullying tool? Anyway at our reunion I’m gonna give him bully advice.
At this point beyond a handful of exceptions, Republicans are just the little kid at school, getting bullied and giving away his lunch money. It only ever stops when you snap and punch the bully in the mouth and go full ralphie on them.
Why do you care about followers, do people at school bully you that much?
School is full of bullies and over worked and under paid teachers, and now we’ll force them to risk their lives and be responsible for the proper hygiene of all the kids!
Just admit you want to live out you high school bully fantasy and leave me the hell alone.
remember when girls in high school bullied me over tweeter for trolling and calling myself a queen over and over yoooooo why were they s’ mad
i'm like 2 mins into tall girl and i've never seen anyone get made fun of this much for being tall lmao i was def bullied more for being short but once you get into high school i feel like no one gives a fuck about ur height unless you're like excessively short
They went to my school. Y’all are bullies fr
Mind blown: Today I found out that the girl who bullied me throughout high school is hella gay now. And I haven’t stopped laughing about it. Well, hello little stereotype.
there are the two girls jessica jones would’ve bullied in high school
Hi cuz Tracey me ur cuz Yvonne just be careful on Twitter who u really talk to just be safe got bullied in Marsden state high school in Brisbane got bullied by mainboys and maingirls since my high school in Brisbane nobody even like me including got bullied this girl
Oh goodness. Being a whore, being a bitch, being friends with the guys. I slept with 3 people in high school. All boyfriends at the time; 2 were long term. I was a bitch because I was bullied by some very sad girls. Lastly, I was friends with the guys because girls were cunts.
I was bullied through middle school and half way into high school. You know what stops bullies? A couple good bloody noses.
I know for a fact Doja got bullied in high school or was the black girl who just wasn’t black enough. I love her though. She got a different music vibe
I left them but they always be coming at me. It's like a situation where u have been ashamed in the whole school and everyone knows about it.Everyone are just bullies, fakes, and they hate you. Sometimes I don't care, but sometimes it comes to me that I have been alone forever.
My big sibling was terrified to exist within the locker room at our high school because the other girls bullied them for the way they looked when they were naked. If their parents properly and accurately educated folks about gender identity and bodies of all types...
When my friend was teasing me about being weak, I grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and pinned him against the lockers like some 80's TV high school bully.
my elementary school bully just sent me a friend request on facebook
i was thinking about how i bullied a girl in jr high or high school and i think it really was just an excuse to talk to her or initiate physical contact, like one time i was sitting behind her and got a rubber band tangled up in her hair yet i insisted that she let me remove it
name calling = one of the worst forms of bullying i was bullied a lot in elementary &amp; high school by 1 group of girls. they mocked my nicknames. i was "tissue" &amp; "tooshie" as sounded so close to tashie &amp; tasha. it may sounds funny to you, but shit like this you never forget.
as the 26 year old woman who's been under 5 ft her whole life, who has known girls 6+ ft who got bullied in middle/early high school.....they dont need to be a "discriminated group" in like all of America personally I wouldve loved a movie like this when I was 12/13
You've described the Bully Vaccum. Parents who eschew discipline and conflict have had an "instructional safety net" in schools and playgrounds with The Bully; a figure that teaches consequences and the general rule that life isn't fair. Anti-bullying campaigns are destructive.
People used to think I was a quiet, standoffish child because I was 'bitchy'. No. I wanted to be introverted and talk to everyone, but I was horribly abused if I made the slightest peep at home, and every time I started having fun in school, the bullies reminded me how ugly I was
And recreate it and not get the same hate that black girls got in elementary, middle and high school. Don’t be blind to that fact that a lot of black girls were bullied bc of their “big lips”, skin color, fashion, hair etc.
Morgan gave me girl who used to bully you in high school then hits you up with a “hey girly ” and then tries to get you to join her pyramid scheme for flat tummy teas
Well that’s school for ya. A real crappy experience. It’s a gamble if you’re gonna meet good people or just meet a bunch of bullies who disguise themselves as your friend.
Cant believe they bullied rebecca black out of school!! she is only human she doesn't deserve hate!! :| leave the poor girl alone!
every girl that bullied me in middle and high school wore viva la juicy perfume and thats a fact
https://nypost.com/2020/07/28/people-over-6-feet-tall-are-more-likely-to-contract-coronavirus/ Ok now I'm starting to think the virus is bully from high school
seeing the same girls that relentlessly bullied me and isolated me in high school tweeting about positive mental health on mental health day , aye alright hen xox
I went to an all girl's school and was bullied every day. In high school it stopped because they realised I had talents and the school was a better place with me in it.
CNN’s Acosta demands to know why Trump is forcing schools to open if it’s not safe for his convention
High School girl refuses to be bullied #antibullying #stopbullying #blm #BlackLivesMatter #blacklivesmattermovement #selfdefenseforkids #highschool #teenagers
so i found out im going to school with a bunch of people who hate me &amp; bully me for being a kpop stan
He also caused a kid to drop out of high school and made another girl a scapegoat for all of his problems. I feel for the kid that was bullied and tormented...but that ends the day he brings a gun to school.
@LBC My daughter was bullied by a black girl in high school last year. The black girl was expelled. Her parents then went to our local mp accusing the school of racism. She is now back at my daughter's school. Nothing to do with racism, the bully just happened to be black.
Be like high school student wey dem de bully
We all knew the type as kids. Utterly cowardly and insecure, but when teamed up with the school bully, instantly becomes “tough” and cruel.
i posted a tiktok that included a pic of my elementary school bully, and someone who goes to his highschool (aka the one i would've gone to) liked it, but i didn't even know her. i stg if more people from that school find my tiktok-
a few months ago i was pinkertoning with the windows down in my car and i made eye contact with a girl who bullied me in high school
I find it mildly hilarious that the same girls who bullied me when I was a freshman in high school while they were juniors and seniors are always the first to like my pictures. Fans
My high school head teacher belittled one of my friends and dragged her in the girls toilets and scrubbed her makeup off because it was different. She was bullied all through school and the head teacher done nothing. My friend killed herself later on down the line...
Just curious, if your kids want to bully other kids at school, how much would you support their freedom?
No, I hated it. LOL! I was bullied throughout high school, by other black girls.
in middle school i was the only black girl so people would pick on me until i dragged a girl down the stairs and they stopped. in high school i wasn’t bullied but one bitch called me fat on askfm lmfao
the girls that bullied me in middle/high school all wore variations of this dress
@Bronx_Bittch take that pic down fuck you thought lol and yes so u got school tmrw
Reducing and preventing bullying requires a direct focus on social emotional skills as well as the culture and climate of your school. Contact our Bully Prevention Coordinator @TLashone for ways we can help!
ARE YOU TELLING ME ALL THOSE CALLOUT POSTS ARE CAUSE HES A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY AND NOT BECAUSE HE KILLED SOMEONE WITH A VOLLEYBALL
More than once in middle school, I saw a kid getting bullied in the bus and inserted myself to tell the bullies to leave them alone.
We had a student teacher PE coach our senior year of HS who worked at the middle school (where the teachers are known the bully unathletic kids) and he told us how one gym teacher told him that they purposely single out unathletic kids and get kids riled up at them
True. I miss the days when all I ever have to worry about is passing my tests & quizzes. Adulting is a whole new level of school, with harder tasks to perform without fail, and with occational meaner bullies along the way @BTS_twt
this girl i went to high school w has grown to be so aggressively similar to me that like we could have been such amazing friends?? its a shame she bullied the shit out of me hhh
if bad's actual name is nonathan ima throw hands bc that's the same name as the kid that used to bully me for like 4 years on elementary school and no i will not calm down
After Ryan graduated boarding school, he became a Prefect so he could stick around and protect his brother while he was still studying, as Flynn often had troubles with bullies (such as Brandon, a particularly nasty one who often used to make Flynn's life a living hell).
i'm in the McDonalds drive thru and I look over to the window and sitting inside is this girl who used to get bullied so much in High School and she's sitting their so happy next to her boyfriend and honestly it was the sweetest thing
Every single one is a girl that would have bullied me in high school.
Government must not allow COSAS and other unions to bully them. It's not good gir its international image. We send our children to private schools for a reason. I have never received any subsidy from these unions so why should they have a say in my child's schooling schedule.
The conduct bar for Trump appears to be the same as that of a mean-spirited, petty elementary school bully. Makes sense since that probably all he could muster. #NotMyPresident #Vote2020
A girl who bullied me for about 5 years through high school just messaged me to ask me to like and share her business page. Erm how about no??
Genuinely curious why anyone would stan Juno. She's literally the girl who would have bullied you in high school and talked shit behind your back. Absolute trash person. #BEASTARS
I was there by the time I was 11. Middle school and high school were a breeze for me. People tried to bully me by tossing insults, but I just didn't care...which pissed them off.
It's almost like that whole school of arguments was a bad faith attempt to bully the left into supporting a candidate who doesn't share their values
this boy that bullies me is going to the same school as me:( wish me luck
This is why you don't bully nerds in school - one day they'll grow up and try to kill everyone.
not the girl who bullied me in high school reaching out and telling me she “misses our friendship” and that she is “sorry if she ever hurt me” and “never meant to hurt me and thinks of me fondly” like this yt girl didn’t go around telling people not to be friends with me
It’s funny how this girl bullied me all through middle school/high school and she sees me and tries to bully me more!! Like baby girl you don’t want this one bc I have changed and I will snap back! And then say I still look ugly like I did back then,my glow up is real sweetheart!
Eve was literally moments away from completing her possession of her hot, manipulative bully from school Mia - when her Mom walked into the room and disrupted the ritual seconds before completion. "Ohhh - too bad loser. This could have been yours, now I'm gonna bully you more."
I was bullied at high school and middle school, plus those girls sat me up. They called out the guys who were like 18 and 16 they said bad shit to them and because I was their friend they ran away as soon as the guys came and left me alone. They beat the shit out of me so......
Woaaah. My high school bullies won’t know what hit them when I’m walking around with a pair of these bad boys
girls who bullied me in high school are milks now and im poetry
@JoeyRichter played: - A high school student who is clearly bullied - A sleezeball whose favourite thing is screwing around with a married woman - A man in the stone age who invented painting and wants to be loved - A bisexual criminal whose main purpose is marrying a 15 y/o girl
Haha just realized that my high school bully keeps seeing my tweets when in all honesty i forgot he existed to begin with. .
Or in other words girls in #MAGA households are treated like shitt. Then again the boys are bullied by insecure dads - like diaper jr.
He was Billie Barr, a bully in grade school, who bullied Jewish kids. No joke.
@RiahKawaii you look like you u got bullied by white girls in high school and in order to fit in u started wearing more pink and straightening your hair
So many girls that bullied me in high school come up to my work and try talking to me like bitch being nice to me isn’t gonna get you that discount. Like stop.
can't wait to go back to school and bully the sexist men
had a dream i did drugs with my high school bully
girls who bullied me in high school are lactose intolerance now and im alfredo
Is it ok if I be a girl in royale high I mean I might bet bullied but who cares do people promise not to bulky if u bully me I will felt my channel and never come back and do giveaways
tv shows really convinced me that every girl in high school was a skinny supermodel and every guy was a macho man and if not, they got bullied,, i hate it here we need more accurate representation in media of what teenagers look like
เจอมาใน reddit Tsunami T is silent Honest H is silent Island S is silent Queue ueue is silent Bullies School is silent
i’d let to the beat bully me in school
They sound like middle school bullies, half of them probably haven't heard a BTS album before the LY series either But thats ok! All ARMYs gonna consume content at thier own pace! A wrong answer doesn't mean anything about how much you love the boys. It's lovely seein u on-
Quiet girl named Mei, she attends high school and has no friends, bullied. A popular guy takes interest in her when his friend trips her in the hall, he tries to start talking to her but she refuses and runs away a lot. Basically he starts trying to change her for the better.
girl one of my mutuals who is IN HIGH SCHOOL getting bullied cause she decided to stop wearing the hijab and I’m not having it with these lil kids I will stomp all them out she gon say “put that rag back on” bitch I will drag uuuu stop playing
in my dream i fought me n @seniorrataa wannabe bully in elementary school
Everyone agrees that the playground bully in grade school is *always wrong*. But once everyone gets a bit older, so few are brave enough to stand up to the bullies in our Culture today, even though they are still *always wrong*. The loudest, most violent &amp; aggressive-&gt; THE LEFT.
Bingo. And deliberately obstrufucated to try to make herself look hip, slick and cool at your expense. (I don’t naturally speak “Mean Girl.” I learned it when my daughter was bullied in junior high.)
I've known for a long time that these same 'cops', were the biggest bullies in grade school &amp; high school. They would beat their victims to a pulp, but always seemed to get away with it. Being a cop is just a continuation of how horrible bullies they were as kids #TrumpGestapo
idk how i feel about a bunch of anime’s going to netflix bc i don’t want my middle school bully to know who kageyama is..
My mom was in a wheelchair. My dad was 6' 4". Funny thing was, they both needed accommodations. My mom just needed more. And tall girls get bullied in high school.
You are what women have been fighting for decades. Body-shaming anyone is being a grade-school bully
The guy who tried to bully me in high school for being gay just got engaged to his girlfriend and then showed up on my Grindr 2 hours later
Movie is a high school drama about HandUnit and his trouble fitting in. After being bullied, he blows them up with his laser eyes. Then a sweet young girl then falls in love with HandUnit and the begin dating. You may be wondering who he is dating. Her name, is Exotic Butters.
I want to tell the 10-year-old girl who was bullied and ostracized because of her choice of music to look forward because one day those who you started loving in your junior year of high school in 2013 would take over the world and change how we think of music. #Shadow @BTS_twt
Seems you're basing your opinion off personal experience too, then. Suffice it to say we have had different experiences. Never was removed from my home, but beating a bully into the hospital served to keep him from bullying anyone at that school ever again. We disagree.
Except... I wasn’t a mean girl in high school. I was habitually bullied by the mean girls and I’m a nurse... soooo
The killer appears to maintain a shrine of the girl (Jenny Duke) who committed suicide from these kids’ high school. I'm guessing the killer is Mr. Duke and these kids bullied her or something.
the anxiety of being separated into boys and girls in high school during PE was INTENSE because i was so scared of straight boys due to being bullied from time to time. i had no actual male friends and i was always miserable when this happened.
Why is it so difficult for people of different castes to intermarry. As far as I know, a girl with a low caste needs to spend a lot of money to marry a man with a high caste, otherwise she will be easily bullied by men. What is the caste of your wife?
Every single one of their stories dealing with hate from Star Wars fans has been so sad and just disgusting (though I think Jake’s was more bullies from school). Sometimes I wonder how great of an actor Hayden could’ve been if not for him practically leaving Hollywood after ROTS
i hope y'all bully jiyaad back for the way he bullied y'all in primary school
i got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied &amp; we moved..
just wanted to share, i saw hwasa released this, i was excited but then i saw the title. it is the name of the girl who bullied me so much, my grade school and high school life was terrifying. i guess i'm still traumatized, i can't listen to the song :(
i had a fcking panic attack as i stumbled on the profile of the girl who bullied me throughout high school...you'd think after more than 5 years it wouldn't have that kind of affect on me
Are we role playing as the girls who bullied us in high school
4. bullies from school, self explanatory.
Cortez is a hate crime against all men - anti male feminist misandry from gold digger Cortez: She acts like a cry baby in the school yard, blaming the bully boy with lies promoting herself &amp; motivating bias against the boy-this ia an attack on all boys @POTUS @HouseDemocrats
Pumpkin Night Volume 3 Cover Same author as Killing Morph A deformed high school girl escapes from a mental hospital and starts to hunt down her former schoolmates who cruelly bullied her. 14 chapters currently on mangadex 7.16 rating
I’ve always been bratty and spoiled My school life was to bully inferior men while they were crawling to me for my perfection Today, bullying grown man is the funniest part of my days. Kik: julia___vieira • findom financialdomination cashslave paypig moneyslave humanatm •
BULLIES THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
I think I used to bully you in grade school.
I hope all the bitches who bullied girls in high school by exposin they nudes get the rona.
i graduated high school with one detention for forgetting to do my homework once but apparently i could have used racial slurs, bullied a girl in the bathroom and bullied students with disabilities and left with a clean record.
How did this witch ever get elected? Why does she think every word from her mouth is memorable? To me she seems like a high school dropout who believes she is “smart” like the gossipy clique members who bullied all the other girls. Best to ignore her.
I saw Tubes when I was in junior high. A random tube spoke to my Dad and bullied him into starting the show by getting the audience to cheer until they came out. One kissed my playbill upon leaving, which I later cut out and taped it to my binder. Giant girl crush lady boner.
The girl who bullied me the most in high school is now a somewhat famous yoga teacher who has a TED talk. She’s still very much full of shit.
I think it’s funny that in HSM Sharpay is supposedly popular but???? She’s some girl who DEVOTES her life to high school theater?? Idk about you but that’s what I call: girl who deserves to be bullied.
My high school bullies are sliding into my dms and I- ha I can’t help but fuck with them
Thanks to my girl that went to high school with ole Sydney. Here’s a lovely pic of the Homecoming she never went to because she was so bullied. #TheBachelor
teacher what I knew, so I forced myself to raise it. I joined club activities at junior high school and became deputy director. My teammate girls were bullied by the boys and I evacuated them. Then the target became me, and one of them told me in LINE, "You're not human." In
tonight Taylor, the girl who bullied you in high school, is leaving her kids with her husband so she can meet two of her downlines at Applebee’s and she’s going to caption a picture of her 2nd cosmo with the hashtag:
i . don't like the stereotype that bullies have little to no knowledge abt religion and teachings of it,, its kind of dumb bc it doesn't matter. people who are well-versed with religion teachings still bully. people who aren't still bully as well. why does it fucking matter???
With me it was Corbyn posing like a little kid standing at the back of bigger bullies in a school playground -Terrorists- the anti Jewish scandal he couldn't lead his own party never mind the country and the clowns he had on his front bench. The Lib Dumbs? What a disaster; her??!
After being bullied on twitter by pretty much all of R*ritan to where the school had to get involved, Mrs. Mass****ni had the audacity to pretty much infer that I wanted negative attention from men...Let’s give it up for R*ritan and their “zero tolerance for bullies” TOTAL BULL
-I'd had a father that was constantly trying to man me up, often violently. -I'd played with girls more than boys, (though mostly because the boys didn't like me. I liked them plenty) -I'd been bullied for being gay all through high school.
If my child is gay, hopefully because gay people are the best. I'll just teach him how to fight so he can drag the bullies in school lmao
this girl that bullied me relentlessly in jr high was at the show last night and just followed me on instagram and tried to reply to my story and i don’t think she even knows who i am
I’m 33 and it’s the first time I’ve been bullied and it was online not to my face 14 plus year in army and not one of my colleagues would knock anyone when they were down. Brother hood. Girls on here attack u then get their friends to unfollow u. High profile bitchyness
His math team understands math when lining their pockets. He cannot keep track of his lies despite a blonde with a big binder. He flunked the make up semester of beauty school. He is a not so subtle con artist, conning only the fearful and angry white supremacists. He is a BULLY
Stand up to the bullies The piece of shit who tried to bully me in school crumbled when I did t back down Think for yourself Question everything Are you sure? Is the best question
Donald always the uninvited bully....trying to divide the public school systems, hoping teachers quit and go to private schools...always the liar hoping to look important and looking for love. You are a mentally unstable person and your Presidency is over..
I get bloody noses a lot, and I can usually feel it a couple of seconds before it drips. On the last day of school (before quarantine) my nose was about to bleed, but before it could. I turn to my very religious bully and say "hail satan" as my nose started to drip. He freaked.
SHE'S 8! "Pérez finished elementary school by 5, middle school by 6 and high school by 8. Now she’s reportedly in the process of earning two degrees online." 8-Year-Old Girl, Who Was Bullied and Labeled 'Weird,' Has Higher IQ Than Einstein
Exactly, I’m saying that everyone saying they were bullied in middle and elementary school all girls were “tall” for example me who is only 5’6 and got called an Amazon freak. I never took It seriously so I’m not sure why anything before high school was taken to heart
can girls that bullied me in high school PLEASE stop inviting me to their fragrance &amp; beauty raffle groups on facebook
I was bullied all through grade school into high school. One year I moved to another state &amp; was going through my goth period. So I was an easy target. All my bullies were girls too. I called one a bitch then she came back the next day with death threats. 10th grade sucked balls.
Me going to beat up the school bully after he steals my roblox GF
Cornered and frightened in Elementary school with taunts of ‘show your horns’. But grateful the bullies came to know me and realize I was a person as were they
if i was, it was never to my face however if anyone did bully me behind my back in middle school i say congrats you a class act snake because i didn't know
not so nervous and Yuxin just shyly smiled at her. "Is Mingyue doing good at school? Does anyone bullies her?" - Keran "She's doing good at school and she's actively participating during discussions. No one's bullying her." - Yuxin "That's good to hear." - Keran
I was badly bullied at school and I went to an all boys school for most of my life so I find it really hard to trust men. I just get on so much better with girls. Going to a co-ed school in high school was one of the best things that happened to me.
Space-club members, Hawk, Matt and Celeste are sucked through a black hole radio to planets suffering problems only our heroes can help them with; inter-galactic bullies, climate crisis and racism. But will they learn how to stop intolerance at their own school? #SFFpit #SF #MG
the same girls who are screaming about body positivity are the same ones that bullied me for being a size 6 in high school
what does my mum gain from being an asshole nobody thinks ur cool u just look like a high school bully
My niece in high school is worried about the bullies in her school. She's convinced they'll be grabbing at masks and breathing on people.
Your attitude and behavior has kind of an Epstein-pedo feel to it. Were you The Bullies in school, or were you always The Bullied? #AngerIssues
i was bullied relentlessly by a specific clique of girls in high school &amp; i just found out that same group of girls posted a video of them using racist slurs on social media and they all just lost their jobs... man i love the way this universe be workin sometimes :’)
England: Here's the spelling of all our words. India: Cool! Well take your word for it! England: *Giggles like the public school bully she is*
Very well written, thank you. We should just remember what we were taught at school: stand up for the bullied. It's amazing how quickly bullies retreat and bystanders turn against them if someone starts speaking up.
all the girls (and guys) that bullied me in high school always are posting about how important it is to be kind and shit like u ruined middle school and high school for me but ur preaching abt being kind ???
So apparently a girl I know from high school is running for town council. She was arguably one of the biggest bullies I've ever known. Good luck convincing people you used to harass to vote for you
Whereas Nadine’s acting and physique is very versatile, she can portay a rich bitch mean girl to a bullied high school girl heck i think she can even portray a role of a fetus and still give justice to it!
@henrywinter Yeh but you got bullied at school you fucking rent boy.
Nah, they found a career... A way to funnel that internal hate outward and feel patriotic at the same time Imagine if the school bully had the staff backing him up and even paying him
Ugh - these women remind of the girls that used to bully me in school so they could copy my homework. I was a nerdy white girl, for context.
I bullied them in high school and I’ll bully them again!!!
every time i make a post about my ED, this girl makes some shit up about her "eating disorder" a few days later. we went to high school together sis, nobody bullied u for being "fat." ur built like a string bean stop faking mental illnesses for clout!!!!
I guess you're right. I mean, why even bother writing a super emotional story about a kid in high school trying to atone for the way he treated and bullied a deaf girl in elementary school when you can just have an hour and a half of this
anyone else experience this weird phenomenon of white girls that bullied you in high school becoming born again catholics in college and making all their insta stories bible verses
When a popular girl that bullied me in high school asks me to join her pyramid scheme
I know another reason I was bullied so bad was my chest. For my class I was one of the first to develop. I was skinny and large chested. Until High School some girls were jealous so they treated like shit for it.
I know how you feel. That's why I don't even try to date, I've been teased and bullied because of my heart problem. Especially by girls in high school. Now I just don't even want to try, it made me feel so unwanted.
These 'smert, Kool' girls who used to bully me, thinking I was 'unkool, dumb', in school are now putting up ig stories saying 'a woman should support woman'. Didi are you sure?
Every school SHOULD have an anti-bullying policy.Go to the head and ask to see it( if it’s not on the website) . Then go back and insist it’s implemented. If you’re not satisfied, write a letter of complaint to the Chair of Governors. Threaten to report the bullies to the police
I had a dream that in High School, I produced &amp; directed a play called "Dancing Queen" about a girl who was bullied then she went to a dance &amp; out danced all the girls &amp; they called her a dancing queen I will not eat avocados before bed anymore
printed it out at school* bye i dont check what i type
When I was senior in high school, we had a pregnant girl in junior year. She was bullied by both teachers and students , she was top of her class, passed the national exam with the 2nd highest score a month after delivery and went to university a year later. Don’t ruin futures!
When I was in high school there was a girl who got all s sorts of shit and bullied purely because she was 6'1" and it made little short manlets insecure
This Girl is becoming really really disturbing. Poor lass is being brainwashed but the worst thing about it all is that people are actually going along with this. Someone High profile in the Science community needs to start speaking up. Stop being bullied
the way she talks is giving me positive vibes only but i bullied "weird" girls back in high school energy
I’m a girl but I was bullied at school by a group of guys saying “Royale high is for gay people”
This song reminds me of the girl who bullied me in high school... WELL. I’M TAKING IT BACK
Where to begin? I got bullied for being tall for a girl (but they always wanted me in goal for Netball!), for being a huge Doctor Who fan in the 90s/early 00s before it came back &amp; was cool, for having such terrible depression/anxiety that I missed several months of high school..
Okay I understand! I wasn't bullied by girls however I never quite fit in. Being extremely intelligent in all honors or advanced classes...didn't get love from my black community like that. However when I joined the dance team in high school that's when everyone knew my name!
girls who bullied me in high school are music now and im flat
Remember the bullies in school?. One stand off was all it took to stop the fear. Patriots stand up, and watch the scum melt.
she’s def a girl who would have bullied me in grade school and high school, i can tell by the spider lashes
They wanna be the stereotypical mean girls that once bullied them in high school so bad now that they can hide behind a screen.
I think it’s funny that the girls that bullied me in high school are the same girls paying $70 for carts.
i used to get bullied so badly in middle school by these two girls bc of my acne.. i cried a lot... i didn't see them again until high school but dAMN, karma got them back bc they ended up with worse acne than what i ever had. they shouldn't have been mean to me.
Kinks n Stuff Very limitless in kinks, But limits are: Vore Gore Toilet stuff Watersport Fav Kinks: Rape Ageplay Cum Throat Fuck Breeding Collar and Leash Public Sex Fav RP scenarios: School Girl x Teacher/Principal/Bully Maid x Master Pet x Master
Sending kids back to school is homocide
my bullies threw me out of my wheelchair, they pushed me over in it, my school wouldn’t let me have a wheelchair because they wasn’t “prepared for it” and “it takes up too much room” so i had to walk to class everyday and get in trouble for being late because i COULDNT walk.
A girl who bullied me in middle and high school just told me how pretty and successful I am... and well, turns out, she’s a high school dropout and hasn’t done anything in life :))
Girls who bullied me in high school really want me to support their pyramid schemes now.
Love to see girls who bullied me in high school tweet about being cyberbullied like ok sis you can dish it but you can’t take it
We’ve all seen Liz in our daily lives. She’s the woke girl who claims allyship but doesn’t say a word in front of people if it might hurt her. It’s popular girl in high school who doesn’t want to stick up for the kid being bullied.
yo i can’t stand that either. i remember this girl from my high school said something really stupid and everybody jumped on the person in her bio which was a guy that had recently died and it was awful. she deserved to get bullied but he didn’t need to be brought up
WASP WAS AND IS A GOOD BOY WHO CARES IF HE WAS A BULLY IN HIGH SCHOOL OR WHATEVER
Just be honest. You just like harassing easy targets. You’re the same bullies from middle school.
Here’s a tip if you get bullied in school the bully hits you and calls you a loser and you need to say this THE FUCK YOU SAY TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Last year I invited someone who I would consider one of my "High school bullies" to my wedding. I grew and so did he. People change and grow, it's good. Forgive and love others
That makes me want to contact all the girls I bullied in high school...
I know. If my child was bullying someone I would want to know right away so I could knock some sense into my kid! I was bullied although elementary and middle school. High school wasn't as bad but I'm raising my girls to be respectful human beings!
they seem like the girls that bullied me in high school LMAO i could make a list with everything sus this woman has done but that’s none of my business
“Why did you and hunter friend me on Facebook when all you guys did was bully me in middle school?” I’m the nicest
It's the little guy who befriends Biff, the school bully, because they like how he beats up on the nerds.
I feel like the panel of judges in CDR are unnecessarily bitchy and rude... it's like high school bullies.
this is my chart and i may or may not have used a spare account to look at the account of a girl who bullied me in high school
Jake, I'm sorry your mommy stopped breastfeeding you too soon. I'm sorry you got bullied in school. I'm sorry you couldn't get a girl to like you. I'm sorry that teacher did those things to you in the jr. high locker room. I suggest you change your name to Karen. It's acceptable.
Idk why I would get so pissed off when bullies would call me gay in grade school. They weren’t wrong
i remember we had exchange students from france in high school and they got bullied but at the time i didnt know why, then apparently they were misogynists who said that girls who liked reading were freaks and women should stay home lmao yt ppl....
Does mocking one of the top scientist in the country make you feel powerful? This is how bullies treat geeks in school. Grow up!
Colin was a used by his parents and bullied, the only friends he made were the stray dogs at the park. The people at school used to call him “dog breath” He always went to church in hope for a better tomorrow but one day his bully killed all of his friends then he killed himself+
I just read through what people wrote to my on my high school year book and half of them said “stop abusing me” lmfaooo. Damn I WAS A BULLY???
I find it hilarious when all of the girls that bullied me in high school claim that they were bullied like??? By who girl? Yourself??
i love when girls who literally were the meanest people in high school are like hippy flower children now lmao dont forget u bullied the kids with special needs :)
Back in like.. 2014 or 2015.. I had such a bad bout of stress caused by school and bullies that my neck locked up- turning it hurt like a bitch and I immediately had to turn it back or it wouldn't stop- and I couldn't move it for like two weeks. It's nothing special. Just an +
Teenager shoots up a school: Society: OMG how could this happen?! I know we live in a society full of cruel people and teach them violence is how we solve disagreements and encourage bullies. wow I know it must be the guns.
Some of those bullies in school became governors, Judges, ministers and presidents...so they continue to bully Nigeria #SayNoToNipostFee
it’s funny how people who used to bully me in elementary school through 8th grade give me nothing but compliments now
In high school i was bullied a lot. I never felt asian enough or white enough, but being at an international all girls school had a lot of messed up dynamics and challenges, one of which for me was receiveing notes in my locker daily to do my parents a favor and go kill myself.
P4: All the adults are stupid
So, you honestly think he could come across worse than Trump? Why are you sucking up to this school yard bully?
keyin looks like the big bully of the school but once she smiles everyone goes
My friend is a high school teacher and was spat at several times a week before COVID!! Kids DO NOT CARE!! The VAPE, VANDALIZED, and Treat teachers horrible!! Come on!!!!!! Seriously there's a zero tolerance for bullies and nothing gets done about that!! What a joke!!!!!
I watched my daughters attend high school as the white minority girls. Oldest didn’t have an issue; youngest was bullied by group of mean girls. They later said “you are cool, we misjudged you b/c of how you looked”
Also let’s talk abt thrift store saoirse Ronan in the first and the girl on the left in the third who probably would’ve bullied me in jr high but can get it now....
have i ever had a good experience at a hospital? no. because we let idiots become doctors and all of the bitchy girls who bullied you in high school are the ones who went to college to be nurses and physician’s assistants
they literally look like the group of girls who bullied me in high school
How is it that only the girls who were literal bullies in school end up being nurses??
#whyididntreportit i was 14 and man was 19. I was blacked out drunk and still have little recollection of what exactly happened. All the girls in high school found out because it was this girls ex boyfriend and bullied me on twitter. You girls know who you are. Sad.
Dear all girls from high school who bullied me and then became nurses: this is the candidate for you!!!
fun fact some bullies threw my shoe on top of the school roof and she climbed up on it and got it down for me
they look like they’d attempt to bully you in middle school and then act different when guys are around throughout high school
He said his school is 99% bullies, and he had no friends, bad parenting might be in there too
I am so sick and tired of seeing bully cops imposing their will on innocent protesters. These are the same piece of shit bullies that I used to stand up to in high school. Unfortunately, stopping violence can be ugly. Lots of fights, nothing solved. Teach compassion early.
Middle school, I was a bully; 9th grade, I was a bully; 10th grade, I was a bully; 11th grade, I was bullied; 12th grade, didn't give a fuck
I now work in an office with two women that are exactly like the girls I was bullied by in high school.
There once was this boy in my class who got bullied because of his pimples. I didn't bully him but I didn't help him either, maybe because I did not interact much with anyone. However, when we had an exchange with a high school in Belgium and I talked with the Belgian girls...
is it just me or are all the popular girls from high school in MLM schemes now?????? no i do not want your arbonne, you literally bullied me.
NEVER too late - I got a message from a girl, part of a group in high school that bullied me so much I stopped trying to make friends with girls till a couple years ago. She helped heal my heart, just from a short text. Transformation happens, it’s human, own it, share it.
I started school in Darwin 1971...Cheesy warm milk, soggy straws; bullies and the big kids grabbed the chocolate, runts like me got plain... might explain my “large vats of warm milk” intolerance. Quease making
hell no she’s not. she posted when we were in high school about how wrong being gay was &amp; a girl called her out for texting her &amp; sending her nudes. she’s bullied multiple people &amp; i’ll be damned if she thinks she can add me to the list.
Hello girl who I have not talked to since high school where I brutally bullied you would you be interested in making 1000+ a month where you sell tea that makes you shit yourself uncontrollably, love u xx
You bullied and mocked a young girl trying to spread the message about the importance of the climate change debate. Don’t try to take the moral high ground here when you don’t behave or act appropriately either
My friends yesterday told me I was brave to accept the friend request on Facebook from the girl who bullied me in high school. I answered that I'm more mature now and I moved on. That girl seems a different person now, honestly I'm glad she's living her redemption arc.
are you braindead? I am a Indian if a American kid comes to school here people will bully cuz of his race and yes I have seen that happen cuz in that particular insiatan in that particular school that dude is the minority, whats not clickin?
that meme about mean girls in school becoming nurses is 100% true because this girl who bullied me and hated me from elementary school-high school is a nurse at my aunts care facility now.
Your high school bully voted for trump
That happened to me too. Bullied in high school. My locker was in the bottom. Two white girls, even though I’m white, dropped their books on me laughing. It was a scratch and push. Stupid. It never happened again. Always stand and deliver!
Cortez is a hate crime against men - feminist misandry from gold digger Cortez, as she acts like a cry baby in the school yard, blaming the bully boy, using lies promoting herself &amp; motivating bias against the boy-this is an attack on all boys @POTUS @HouseDemocrats @democrats
Helping my mum track down the girls who bullied her in high school on Facebook to make sure they’re doing worse than her now
I'm down 7 facebook friends since yesterday. (I haven't checked the twitter count). That's fine. In high school, I ached to be the popular girl. I was very much not. I was bullied every single day for being unapologetically myself--just for being me.
not my middle school bully coming out as a lesbian bitch i think you owe me an apology
aside from being sexually harassed, one of the most traumatic experience was when a group of high school girls bullied me when i was in third grade for a reason i don’t know about :)
you know if you told me yesterday that netflix's next big movie is a story about a girl who gets bullied in high school learning to love herself, and that the title was Tall Girl, I would have thought it would be about... something slightly different
Haha the girls who bullied me in high school are looking/acting like me now :&gt; we love being an influential sweetheart
I’m horrified. I just saw this girl who I went to grade school and high school with on my foryoupage on Tik Tok... the bitch bullied me all throughout school.
do you bully people with autism a lot when you were at school?
This girl I went to high school with bullied me bc I wasn’t popular or pretty. She told me I’d never glo up .
Are you sure..? Bc I got bullied all throughout middle school and high school by girls bc they didn’t find me pretty. I’ve seen plenty of woman harass and create problems for people they don’t find attractive.. they are more problematic than men
Gov Lee, You & TN are on the wrong side of saving lives from pandemic. Do the right thing & mandate masks. And give schools necessary resources to be safe. You are failing TN residents on both fronts. @realDonaldTrump
kinda look like my middle school bully with my glasses on and I don't like that
Commended & to all who can & are wearing one. Its getting out of hand in some quarters towards bona-fide peoples who are except, like me. I have a history from school, army &amp; life of not tolerating bullies, which the mask issue is bringing out. Hopefully all will calm down soon X
The girl who bullied you in high school but now wants to sell you Arbonne
Jack would prolly suspend people for wearing their hoods to class or some bs like that and wouldn't suspend the racists and the students would have to bully them off school property to not make them come back since he won't do shit about it
For being mildly overweight because I went to a school where all the other girls were a size two. I got bullied by both girls and guys, started in middle school and ended with my entire group of "friends" abandoning me when we graduated high school. Said they were done pretending
Most of my friends that were girls just stopped talking to me irl. Cause I’m boring lol. I didn’t get along with girls in high school because I got bullied by most of them. So I just kept to myself. I see where you are coming from though! I feel like we are raised to be toxic.
the plot of the webtoon was this guy who got bullied in high school gets plastic surgery as an adult to look ultra hot and then he homewrecks his bullys relationship (both the guy AND the girl) to make them both ready to leave their partner for him
god bless Facebook... nice to see that the girls that bullied me in high school have butt ugly boyfriends..
Girls who bullied me in high school for being a slut: Can you PLEASE help me get into porn?!!! I really need the money!!!
Donald Trump says it's illegal to bully. where are the bitches from middle school that made my life hell
Condo salesman paid someone else to take his SAT his sister Maryanne did his homework for him in high school oh yeah he is a bully not a fighter. Grifter
Offenders need to acknowledge their crime, but they shouldn’t in turn be abused every day on their incarceration by prison guard bullies. These 14yr olds are possibly not achieving in school, or life at home. Rehabilitation is there only hope.
I often think about the days I was bullied in middle and high school.... and those same girls/ boys bullying me are eating the words they spoke.
I wore a Pokemon shirt to school once and didn't hear the end of it until summer And then in high school I saw half of the guys and girls who bullied me for liking Pokemon wearing retro Pokemon merch and I was like ?????
every girl in this photo has a twitter bio that says "loves jesus all about kindness!!!!" even though back in high school she once bullied 3 girls so bad they got eating disorders
You must be very young, in a changed world. My son in the 90s in High School had a gay friend. He was teased and taunted along with the other kid. He protected him from the bullies.
VOTE FOR THIS MAN OR I’LL BULLY YOU SO BAD YOU TRANSFER SCHOOLS
I taught school for over 30 years. My first and second graders did not stoop to name calling like you do as an adult. You are not a mature leader. You definitely missed out on something in your your childhood or education. Such a bully.
I remember one time when I was bullied in high school and I beat up this girl and I was suspended my math teacher told me when I came back even the devil in hell has his limits lol I am with my limit with Trump and his bullying people should be tired of trump picking on people
No, it's not boring. I was bullied by Darwin Brodt, a PA Heavyweight(185+lbs) Wrestling Champion for 2 years while I attended Easton Area High School in the 70s. I made the error of beating him during a 2 by 2 one lap swim in Gym class. He bullied girls too. DB was very insecure.
its always the girlies who bullied me in junior high posting the “positivity always! love everybody! girls supporting girls” stuff, like girl shut up
"Very unfair" says the one everyone thinks is a bully because of the ones who are truly the bullies, if this were school. I think it's actually treasonous &amp; despicable. But if they're 'fighting to win' because the wrong outcome puts THEM in jail or major fall &amp; disgrace? Reality
the girl who bullied me in high school just started her own YouTube channel. should i subscribe?
one time i got kind of bullied in high school bc this girl who was directly in my line of vision every day always dressed really normal but like ONE thing about her outfit would be so wrong that i couldn’t look away and she told her friends i stare at her
UR A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY
HOOOOOO BOY MY FAMILY HAD PEOPLE OVER AND ONE OF THEM IS A KID WHO USED TO BULLY ME IN MIDDLE SCHOOL F U C K
oh my god watching inception live again and jongho's outfit... why they gotta do that. everyone looks like badass gangster school bullies and jongho looks like the lil nerd with perfect grades that gets bullied. WHY.
I didn't say he was stubborn; I said he was a bully. He's bullied activists, other VT politicians, and especially the media. He's even bullied High School students.
Idk if you remember me but it's Chet from high school. Thank you for confronting that bully that shoved me in a locker and ate my Meatball Sub. A real hero.
Year 7, Skye is 10 Skye was extremely new to your school and she was sat at the front gate looking sad one scared. What do you do? 1: say hi 2: bully her/ mock her Idea from @/BullseyeFNRP
How To Help Your Child Deal With School Bullies #bullying #school https://buff.ly/2J1P9TI
Its wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school fym
you didn’t bully me for every word i spelt wrong in that i need school
Giga can’t wait to watch this Better Days - A story of a bullied high school girl &amp; a teenage street thug, how both of their lives were changed by each other. It also discussed about their dreams &amp; wishes related to their future &amp; how they protect each other in their own way.
i started the shoelace as a belt trend back in middle school and the same girls who bullied me for it wore shoelaces as belts in high school bc it was “in”
Lol awwww. Bullied too much in high school, girls? Try not to hate the world so much
MAN FOR REAL... it gets ppl so excited and then gives them false hope... it’s the same thing as when in middle school ur bullies jokingly ask you out :(
she couldn’t mind her business and ran in assumptions flying. im just trying to get jokes off with my friends online not fight with girls who are displacing their weird anxieties about being bullied in high school
British Airways attitude is we have more lawyers and money than you. We do not care if we are breaking the law, take us to court. A typical school bully @RobbieRinder .@emmakennytv #ShameOnBA #BAbetrayal
I know about teeth!!! Girl. I got bullied for them to. A comment on a school bus in high school stuck with me for life. Do NOT let people who are afraid to love out their own dreams crush yours!!
No one should trust the CCP. Singaporeans have no right to comment on situations where they have little to no understanding on. And come on, I have heard a lot of racist remarks during my time in school and seen how PRC students bully HKers only to be told to back off by us.
Everyone knows cancel culture doesn't have to do with taking responsibility. It is simply people going after someone for petty reasons, but instead of lynching, they drag your name in the mud. It's like being in school were people would go after you and bully you.
list of people who deserved to be bullied more in high school: - twinks - brown men with fades who took calc and never let you forget it - that girl who randomly started singing in the hallways and then acted like you were disturbing her - trombone players?? fkn weirdos
Why am I not surprised that the girls in high school who bullied everyone and tried to cheat their way through their classes are now Trump supporting conspiracy theorists on Facebook?
I was bullied in high school for being an ‘ugly’ girl. I think its still stayed with me because I still avoid taking pictures or sharing my photos on social media.
It could be an immaturity/projection thing. We had one openely gay girl at my hs and people bullied her. now at least 5 of those girls are out. Somehow high schoolers think gay is weird/bad
Technically yes but I only think of 80s Jean shorts as jorts so you got corrected for a technicality. As for the names, it’s like the bully in elementary school
Don’t “hey girl, I’m starting...” me when you bullied me in high school. No I don’t want to try your dumbass products thank u
Arcadia High School, where I had the unfortunate experience of attending &amp; being bullied is having a very, very real 13 Reasons Why crisis. To the victims, both girls &amp; boys, you did nothing to deserve this. My d.m.’s are open 2 provide guidance 1)
Sick burn Man do u use it on the bully’s in school to
not @my middle school bully denying that he ever bullied me and belittling my trauma so he can prove that he’s such a good person and not in any way racist
girls who bullied me in high school are fresh cheeses now and im uwu
im that one girl you knew in high school who you thought was weird but i didn’t talk enough to prove you right and therefore i couldn’t really be bullied or have a meaningful presence in the school community
Finally watching Gilmore Girls and it's better than I expected but I cannot relate to wealthy kids in high school. Those girls bullied me terribly my entire school career and a show about the challenges of their lives basically annoy the crap out of me. I have no pity for them.
jeffree star said goth and meant those white girls that bullied you for being alternative in high school
I guess the numbers for White Americans are tainted by scores of redneck morons who barely made it through High School but nevertheless enjoy white privilege in being able to bully all the others around w/o facing real consequences.
i can't wait to go back home to kazakhstan so i can walk around furniture stores and eat froyo i also miss my friends so much!! im so glad i can move back there !!!!!! and ill go to an american school again god bless the un for covering my school fees
i mean but this girl also bullied me out of high school so cant really expect much
This is a step down, DHSC's original plan was just to have everyone's school bully sit over their shoulder and go "Huh" sarcastically with every bite
I feel so bad model girl seems so nice from the shots of her being in her room by herself but no one likes her from her social media profile besides the weird fuckboy... everyone got bullied by pretty blonde girls in high school huh
literally, school bullies only peaked in school era, when they came in the uni., they become NOBODY..
He was a bully in high school.
girls that bullied me in high school be like
This is like. If you have a little sibling and you give them shit because they’re annoying and make your life miserable but all of a sudden the school bully starts picking on them and you’re like. Wait hold on. Only I can do that. Back off. That’s how I feel about Trump and TW rn
If you told me that the girl who bullied me in high school would be in a bar laughing with my boss in front of me in 2019 I would’ve been like nah but here we are
Independent investigation into bullying policy at Broadoak Sports College (Hazel Wood High School) Bury, Lancashire and GMP full investigation - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/bCPGJ7Fs via @Change This girl was bullied by her white peers &amp; they got to walk away, PLS SIGN!!
They only do nasty. Any middle school bully could do this all day long.
Guys that bullied girls in high school started going bald in their 20’s.
I was bullied for my size, for the fact i was always quiet. I had people hitting me, throwing things at me, calling me all sorts of things. I had one girl make fun of me for wearing shorts to school, i quit wearing shorts until i graduated high school, even at home..
Huh... he seems very much to me like the typical school yard bully boy. Can imagine him pulling wings of cicadas &amp; flushing your footy cards down the dunny. We all know the type. #scottyfommarketing #scottnofriends
The bully at school
I can’t stand Kenya she is such a fake she never was her mean self around her husband but he found out himself and left her. By the way her hair is as fake as she is. She’s that girl in school that just was the biggest bully. Shes not a good person
Lol right! I was bullied in middle school so I spent most of high school and college just observing. Girls always seemed to have endless drama going on while boys would have beef squash it and move on Even if it escalated to fighting guys would fight and be done...but not girls
I was thinking earlier about some girls that bullied me in high school. I wish I would have told them then to bite me. I know now that they were insecure bitches, but at the time it only made me feel horrible.
so funny to see that all the girls who bullied me in high school are desperately trying to be tiktok famous lol
I do. One look at them and you know they were bullied by pretty girls in high school
Have you been causing trouble again Harriet! Were you the bully at school?
How is sprite treated in canterlot high in the equestria girls universe ? — She's not really bullied, but she's also not super popular. Most of what she does social-wise is follow either Snowie or Understudy around as they do thei…
I have never been ashamed of a president until now Donald Trump thinks he can bully us if everybody just gets up one day at the same time and says no more an keep saying it until he's kicked out of office and used in schools as what a president shouldn't be for rest of Eternity
No I was not popular in high school because I was teased in high school and I was bullied by the guys and girls
*CHANGE IS REAL!! NO MATTER HOW LONG THE TIME FRAME!!* I go into my weed shop right? Without hesitation this employee I've never seen goes: "I used to bully you in school. On the bus. I'm so sorry". Mind you I have my mask on the entire since getting out of the car. Cont:
I'm giving up on ABC,they can't be salvaged. they don't even know how fucken dumb they are. Stupid drunken private school bully boys and second rate tabloid turds. Australia by definition of media, has no media. Seek information via American public media, or new Zealand.
When Tom is scrunched on the #football field by the school bully, Devlin, he needs a major operation on his shoulder. He comes out of hospital with the miraculous gift of being able to turn #cricket ball miles - a gift that transforms his life. #podcast http://ow.ly/tBbC30qYzPO
I really wasn't bullied much as a kid kid. For the most part my class was pretty decent...until jr. high and this girl hated me &amp; would bully me but after everyone caught on they pretty much shunned her and her friends for a bit.
Just found out my elementary school bully just died from a drug overdose. Her funeral was today. Idk how I feel.
i used to joke about this with a girl who was a tintin fan in high school. I basically bullied her with the idea that Tintin was bending over for Haddock. Today, I am Nostradamus.
Johnny True, the school bully, was on his way to own someone will be perfect and will have all gone.
these are the kinda dudes you would defend from getting bullied all through middle school, and then this is the bullshit they start doing when y’all get to high school. And they wanna be rude as hell to you. The white girls can HAVE you, bruh.
i don't have a lot of girlfriends. Probs because I don't other girls easily...and because I was bullied by them in high school and middle school, etc. But, I'm glad to not have a lot. Because it's exhausting trying to be their friend.
THESES ARE BULLLIES HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
one of the things i hate almost as much as cops is white girls who bullied me in high school becoming nurses
Funny oy! So immature and uncultured GIRL MINYO NAKA DON’T ACT AS IF YOU’RE A TEENAGER WHO GOT BULLIED BY HIGH SCHOOL FRIEND
me being triggered by seeing a pic of the girl who bullied me in high school vs me remembering her kid is ugly as fuuuuuuuck
Never noticed how much being bullied in high school has affected me... from the corner of my eye, I knew these girls were purposely staring at me from a distance, for long periods of time. So flash forward to 10 years later, I’m always paranoid that I’m getting stared at
Important albums from high school or why people would bully me https://twitter.com/theslothygirl/status/1287977322222694401
Watch out for your child. My bullies almost killed me and my parents did nothing. Today my Mom can't believe she did nothing. I'd already taken a scholarship to a private school I didn't really want to go to so as to be away from them. It wasn't enough.
This girl who got relentlessly bullied in High School is becoming more and more famous as a “real life mermaid” and honestly it fills me with joy
when i was younger i mainly idolized the girls instead of crushing on them &gt;.&lt; i was bullied by a lot of girls growing up so i didnt even entertain the thought of finding them cute until i was late late high school
People associated the girls who were outspoken about sex with degrading terms. Those girls who were slut-shamed in high school because they were hypersexual due to abuse/sexual assault in ther lives. We just called them sluts and further bullied them.
We cant just let this stand. Its even worse - Sen. Cotton wants to bully schools which want to use the 1619 Project curriculum by defunding them. Mindless defense of the status quo and mythology over history doesn't fly anymore.
Actually, I think that depends on the injured person. A couple of high school bullies apologized in private first and sent a draft of their public apology for my permission to post, and I appreciated that so much more than I would have them not asking. I am a VERY private person.
Superbad is about Evan, a bullied high school nerd headed for Dartmouth who can’t get laid. I was a bullied high school nerd, clueless about girls, who went to Dartmouth. My best friend was named Evan. Oh, and Judd Apatow and I went to the same high school, 6 years apart.
...watching a middle school bully trying to convince his victims he’s gonna be nice now—while tossing a dirt clod in one hand.
The girls from my high school that bullied me
bullying in nursing is so bad that im doing a whole assignment on how i would respond if i get bullied in the workplace - apparently the mean girl in high school reputation is so true theres actual research articles on it
This is the girl from your high school that bullied everyone and then went to nursing school but really only became an alcoholic
this girl was bullied in high school I just know it
Cass is that high school bully that never grows up. Yuck #BachelorInParadiseAU
he exposed my friend's nudes and poor her got bullied by everyone !!! he slept with girls in highschool and told everyone sad to see he's still the same prick from high school
i already got bullied and shoved in lockers throughout high school and all the girls laughed at me for being a cancer please stop
this is the type of white girl that would bully me in school
We get it you were bullied in high school but you don’t have to be a mean girl now BREAK THE CYCLE
MEEEEE got bullied in high school for being a brown girl....Sorry my skin colour bothers you so much!
Agreed but these “people” you speak of are just bullies who peaked in high school that hide behind riot gear. They’ve destroyed medical supplies and food for those who need it most with chemical weapons. They’ve illegally arrested and beaten people standing up for Black lives.
So many people I know were traumatized by mean girls in school. I'm going to try to cover the issue in my blog soon. I've done general bullies and slut shaming and bullying "in the name of religion." Even with my current empty nest the issues are still there. #Parenting #Blogs
if she is new,she will not have access to go to trading up cause you need to be high level to go there,for my opinion she should not put bullying into this cause some really got bullied.That girl needs to stop lying cause no one gives a crap :)
things my school did: tell my entire class my dad died without my permission literally let teachers bully me and target me for absolutely no reason leak confidential information again tell me i didn’t need counselling bc it was ‘superficial’ and wouldn’t help me anymore
Bullies that we all had to deal with in school are now the cops that are bullying us in our city.
why did i have a dream that a girl that bullied me in high school tried to recruit me for a pyramid scheme
this is what the girls who bullied me at my christian high school wore on dress down days
some of y’all act like high school bullies and it’s odd
My most prominent high school memories are me being homeless, having a sex tape leak, almost dropping out and being bullied by every girl in the school bc I was close with the guy they wanted to fuck memories
more like this is how you create school shooters, bullies and lunatics. but it definitely stops the talk back, you are right there.
Yup, defending your statement The vid is of a high school girl taking out the guy who bullied her
high school, 4 albums don’t bully me too much (still got one year of high school left but that’s neither here nor there) tagging anyone because anyone who i would’ve tagged has already done it https://twitter.com/lolleea/status/1287841425430806530
From here on out I’m going to start pronouncing it “fahvruh” again like I did in my head when I read it on the back of my bully’s jersey in elementary school because I hadn’t heard someone say it out loud yet and obviously didn’t care that much about football. #BrettFavre
please tell me why i got a long-ass facebook message from the girl who relentlessly bullied one of my best friends in middle and high school explaining that she blocked me on twitter not because i came out as a lesbian, but because i “contributed to her trauma”
Is it me or does he look exactly like the stereotype of a blond high school bully in America?
definitely got the vibes of "hey remember when these girls bullied you in high school bc you couldn't speak spanish or you were 'too white' to be a real latin person" from the voices alone
She's a typical school bully. Very bitter if she's not getting attention. She's venemous &amp; her language would have her sanctioned if she was a male politician. It's also quite messed up, way she pulls her son out if heat is on. Child should not be in public forums! Awful creature
The junior high school bullies are not happy. Didn't we teach anti-shaming and bullying in the school system?
Ngl it gives me the vibes of shipping someone with their school bully.
Girls at school with her say she was a bully.
Oh lord, throughout high school I refused to change with the other girls, because I was ashamed of my weight... I’m not the biggest, but Definetly not the ideal Weight and was terrified of being bullied. Seeing some appreciation for people of different sizes is really nice.
Take him to a boxing club ... i used to get bullied at school until I started kickboxing when I was 11 and started to knock few bullies out that every one stopped fucking with me .
when i was a kid i told my friend we should rap battle all the teachers and bullies in our school to the beat of brass monkey by the beastie boys and earn our respect that way
It seems you really enjoyed telling the public how you snared people on Pandemic Unemployment Payment at the airport. You were like a tell-tale bully school boy on Lawlor's show. Do you get off on classist prejudice? you're vilification of those less fortunate is not endearing..
my “best friend” in middle school who then bullied me and was a total cunt to me and other girls from middle school and high school, got arrested for the 5th time the other day, yikes. karma never has a day off hunty!!!
bullies didnt go hard enough when bezos, zuckerberg, cook and musk were in school
it BLOWS MY MIND SoCal kids didn’t have outdoor ed? like did you actually have a childhood if you didn’t have to kiss a banana slug and sing songs about xylem and bunk with the girl who bullied you through most of junior high?
I'm so proud of myself I said to my school bully that I'm not afraid of you anymore and thanks for making my life miserable and I told her I have a lot of people on my back and blocked her
asked a former high school bully on this anonymous ask thing if he was gay.... TELL ME WHY HE DM’D ME “nah bro”
the ghost middle school bullies twisted your arms
You sound like a bit of a school bully... and maybe you should get some help.
I'm the girl who bullied you in high school, who stole your money and gave you s... https://onlyfans.com/eclairxo
On a genuine note though, why doesn't he fight back? My daughter had 2 girls in particular give her hell. U know me she resisted my advice until one PE session. I told to grab that blond head with blue eyes on the lockers. Throughout high school no one ever bullied her again
Right wing is the classic closeted gay football team quarterback bully from high school who keeps shoving you up against your locker and pinning you there
it’s crazy how the meanest people always end up going into the professions where they are supposed to help people. mean girls from high school become nurses, while the boys who consistently bullied those around them and thought it was cool become police officers.
i don’t care about being bullied on social media because speaking out about bringing justice an innocent black man is more important to me than high school girls telling me to “get w it”
Yes, I was in Grade 6 when they bullied for being the "pretty girl" Which led me to start wearing tshirt, jeans, and sneakers when I started high school to draw less attention to myself.
She really helped me through a tough time in high school when I was bullied for being “dark and edgy” and I went to school with all blonde preppy girls lol.. she gave me hope that I didn’t have to be the stereotypical “girly girl” to be a wrestler. Honestly helped save my life.
what if I grew up not in the life I am right now, went to private school, grew up with amazing privileges, I wonder what kind of a person will I be? will i be the bullied or the bully? will I be the same person that I am?
And yeah, i’m defending the media in this instance, because they’ve done nothing wrong. They didn’t slander the kids name, it was the people who figured out who he was, and did what they did. That’s like punishing a school for a bully, bullying another student. It’s fucking dumb.
MOST OF THE ----OH F*CK----LETS STOP WITH THE PROTESTER MONIKER--THAT WENT BYE BYE A LONG TIME AGO! THE DOMESTIC TERRORISTS! THEY ARE ALL YOUNG IDIOTS, PUNKS, OUR EX CONS! TEENAGERS WHO ARE THUG WANNABEES! FORMER SCHOOL BULLY DROPOUTS AND UGLY MUGLY DOPES WHO COULDN'T GET A DATE!
this is the gentrified brooklyn. i don’t feel bad at all. these are the lil asians & white girls that came from seattle or wherever state is always sunny. they buy everything on our blocks, turn it into high priced coffee shops &amp; raise the rent in the area. let them get bullied.
*are around 12 years old. One is a few years younger than 12. Very little changed since my mother and uncle were in school where my uncle was bullied constantly &amp; called homophobic slurs yet they were punished for fighting against bullies... I no longer have faith in the system
Shouldn't you be in school fag @BriannaDeanne
I'll never forget Priyanka Chopra lying that a black girl that bullied her in high school
school bullies have been stuck in a time loop since 2004
Probably bullied the girl whose calves were too thick to wear knee-high boots.
This girl accompanied me in the library of my high school where I hid from people who bullied me, and aided my transition into LIFE a year later, only for us to see new beginnings in London together. Thank you for being the hero that YOU are. Happy Birthday @Marzzx__. I love you.
Except for the b***** next to me who have no etiquette. They bullied young middle/high school girls out of their front row spots, invaded everyone’s personal space, and tried jumping over the gate and ONTO stage. They deserved to be thrown out
exactly????? literally have seen my middle school bullies on tiktok
Ohh hunni, Everyone has a past, @JeffreeStar has apologised multiple times, Grow the fuck up girl! I’m sure if I googled you enough I’d find a past too, What’s ur issue, Daddy Issues? Parents Divorced ? Ugly and bullied in high school? And now you have to take ur anger out online
She’s like a high school girl writing in her diary after getting bullied
I got bullied for having long hair up to 8th grade when I finally decided to cut it off to avoid being called a girl in high school. And in high school, I just never really fit in. Now I'm rocking some 3ft+ long hair!
Honestly not sure. There’s a lot of d*cks at my school but not really bullies
A shitty ex bf, a girl who bullied me all through high school, a toxic ex best friend who took advantage of my family and my kindness, just to name a few.
William Barr is the school bully that would justify stealing your lunch money. By saying it was no big deal because you would not starve. You could still eat dinner when you got home from school. @michaelschweitz @SChristy16
twitter, riddle me this. when I was in high school, a girl bullied me and told me the world would be a better place if i killed myself. she is now one of my cousins bridesmaids. am i allowed to be bitter?
Our school follows an anti-bullying policy and my math teacher is a bully should I complain??
BLACK is being bullied by a group of white girls and finally standing up for yourself and getting reported to your parents for being aggressive and hostile. BLACK is to lower your town, fix your accent, get bullied for your lips and nose just to avoid being bullied in high school
I got bullied by girls a lot in high school but when this one guy called me poor it hurt the most
Ignore the NFL. Treat them as if they do not exist. After they kneel during the anthem there will be no NFL. Overpaid jocks & wannabe gangbangers whose grades were pencil whipped since High School where they raped the girls and bullied the boys. National Felons League. #Standup
GOONIES + ARU SHAH To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th “hero” shows up - the school bully #SFFpit #MG #F
they immediately go to calling you a freak and ugly because they weren't able to be bullies in school despite how badly they wanted to be
He made the lib tards look like a bunch school yard bullies that just got punched in the face!
I love local politics in the midwest bc half the candidates are mothers of girls who bullied me for being gay in high school, and I have to vote for them bc their opponents believe abortion is a sin punishable by death
It’s so unbelievably EASY to get you guys to jump to violence. You have zero defense in your support for Trump. The High School bully wants to kick my ass. BIG SURPRISE
these are HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
I legit have like idk how many of those backpacks bc I keep losing them at school bc a bully keeps taking them soooo ya
extra hard mode is where one of the nurses was the girl who bullied you in high school
I'm really sorry that you have to work with elementary school bullies. Hopefully this province elects fewer of them next time
I honestly think the roles of High School are going to completely change in the future. Kids will be bullied for being homophobic, not for being gay. Boys will have no power leaking nudes bc who cares. Girls won’t get slut shammed. And racists, rapists, cheaters will be exposed
I see a lot of people criticizing #TallGirl and I can understand your point of vue ! I mean what’s wrong with being tall ? Nothing. During middle school &amp; high school kids are the meanest and some kids especially girls can get or are bullied for being tall! It’s a real issue !
Found one of my high school bullies on tinder today!!
so you hate the other person, and since I knew you from middle school you hate me as much always a bully
«transphobic bullies should learn to be afraid» я- chill honey he’s a school shooter https://twitter.com/elduck___/status/1287740109702541312
Girl’s bully hell An Elsies River High School teen tried to kill herself by taking an undisclosed amount of tablets last Monday “to escape the pain” of being bullied. https://www.dailyvoice.co.za/news/girls-bully-hell-30980361 Story by: @Venecia_Vee
The cops don't like a fair fight. They like to fight vulnerable people, weaker than them, and who can't fight back. They are just school bullies, grown up, who have been given deadlier weapons.
ahaha having an anxiety attack outside a nail salon bc you're on your own and the girls inside look like all the girls that bullied you in high school
Quite a few of my bullies have been girls growing up. One apologized at a debate comp after years of moving school etc But that bully or be bullied idea was in my head for quite a few of my formative years.
If I showed my legs my mom would literally say how big they are and ask why they were so swollen. It got to the point I LIKED being at school bc the bullies at school bullied me less than my parents. My dad once tried to BRIBE me to lose weight. I was 13. I had no idea how to.
you hijacking my aussie primary school bully-culture chants????? :O
Vaush bullied the girl he debated yesterday, Vaush would use minorities for his arguments while disrespecting them and he will shame them for not voting for their oppression while parading in Biden merch. Wants black ppl to be “peaceful” while they die. I’m the asshole tho?
You both need to take on the bullies b/c you can't run from them, they're everywhere, first does school recognise they have a bullying issue, if you don't get satisfaction there, go and complain to your education department with your local council, then there is the local papers.
My middle school bully has been coming in. Wonder if she remembers me
Forgotten my school bullies they wouldn’t want to meet me now cuz I’ve grown up wiser and stronger and are pitiful in my head. Hate pitiful bullies
@LUVM1LFS and her gang gang idk would be the popular kids and bullies in school for sure
are ppl making these tweets bc they bullied other girls in high school or bc they still want to be like them...
Some girls on my high school dress up as fortnite skins and nobody bullied them
Omg... sooo I was the super positive black girl at my high school and I just revealed that I joined the army and skipped town because NEWS FLASH the town was Racist AF.. and maybe I should have done that shit years ago because talk relief they bullied the fuck outta me
this is the typa girl who bullied lesbians in high school
The only time I’ve been bullied where it actually really got to me was when these girls in high school took a photo of me and captioned it “all lives matter”
Evy: trying to get into Phoenix’s pants Phoenix: “you know those girls that bullied you in high school all OD’d mysteriously on heroin?”
dude it’s crazy the amount of ppl that bullied me in high school that came around &amp; ended up apologizing like even to this day! some girl DM’d me on insta like 6 months ago apologizing &amp; she thought i wouldn’t forgive her but i don’t hold grudges &amp; just appreciate the gesture
You look like an absolute bully of the high school in the first picture. (No offence)
How’s this girl gonna say she was “bullied” in high school (she wasn’t) when she literally threw a party the day I transferred schools. Like they had party decorations &amp; food &amp; everything. Because I moved.
ODD was a common "diagnosis" when I was in elementary school for class clowns and bullies
I create a comic called Curse of the Eel, it’s about a bullied goth girl in high school whose only friend is the Eldritch Eel creature she accidentally summoned. It’s a coming of age horror story :D https://m.tapas.io/episode/206778 #comics #horror #friends
My ex wife is Fluent in French, whenever she speaks it, white people always ask stupid questions “Where are you from? America, Are your parents Haitian/ Africans? No. Where did you learn French? In high school &amp; college. Why did you learn French? Because I wanted to ....
I binge watched all his videos and it made me feel so good about myself!! High school bully is now just a drop kick like I was
I'd hate to be a teenager these days. I got bullied in high school for being tall and thin. But not like these girls are. I want my 6 yr old to stay 6. #murderinthevineyard #bully
you can very much tell who got bullied in high school and is using twitter to live out their mean girl fantasies
i’m attracted to tana mongeau in the same way that you are oddly attracted to your middle school bully who calls you homophobic slurs
@PkmnMasterHolly I know how you feel because I was bullied all 4 years of high school by the girls &amp; guys. I had no friends in high school I was always by myself and I was harmfully been called names and others stuff to.
I feel this way about all the girls who bullied me in high school
Just found out that the two girls who bullied me in high school are now both working in schools terrified for the poor kids they’re going to be in charge of
this is what y’all mean girls from high school look like to me when you message me all “OMG YOU LOOK SO GOOD NOW. Pleassseeee tell me your secret.” Like..... you literally bullied me for like 7 years??????
My GPA is 3.97, i was a second-in-command for student council, and was one of the leaders in our debate club... Now that im leaving my school the reception lady saw my papers and said that we must talk to the vice principal for not giving me a diploma of academic excellence
I love Facebook because it reminds me when all the birthdays of the girls who bullied me in high school are
“Show me a man who has enjoyed his school days and I'll show you a bully and bore.” ― Robert Morley
I hope that the girls that bullied me in high school are good mamas to the little ones they raise.
Name calling needs to stop. DC is a grade school playground with name calling, tattle tales and schoolyard bullies!
and to make it even better, one of the girls almost had me suspended from school because of bullying (which she was bullying me so...? don’t even ask hahahahaha jsut trust she wasn’t being bullied) and she’s the same one who’s gonna spit on me and my high risk father
When I was bullied in high school I felt so ashamed that I never asked out a girl who had a crush on for two years because I thought she would laugh right in my face. #BellLetsTalk
TAUNT HER, a dark, bully high school romance by Caitlyn Dare is NOW AVAILABLE!! FREE in Kindle Unlimited! Amazon US: https://amzn.to/2CRod91 Amazon UK: https://amzn.to/32EXnvp Amazon CA: https://amzn.to/39nQY9l Amazon AU: https://amzn.to/3eS6pYq #CaitlynDare @CandiKanePR
i had problems in high school where i was bullied and stalk by a girl and other problems starting happening and i lost friends because of it and i cried sometimes and even gotten to the point where i hid my emotions but now i see where i got to today making games and writing
Me jumping the school bully for taking my money:
Not really as I’ve always just popped mine in and let them get on with it, but it might be an idea to ask for well feathered new girls as more likely to be high ranking and less likely to be bullied by your girl
The Anarchists are the bully in school that terrorized everyone. Stealing kids lunch money and scaring them to death. Just like in school, it’s going to take each of us to stand tall and punch this modern day bully right in the mouth sending them back to their mother’s basements!
Ooo look at me being bullied high school style by the girls in uni
THEY LEGIT EMPHATIZED WITH YURIKO AND NOT WITH KUMI ??!!! HOW THE GIRL WAS LITERALLY BULLIED AROUND BY EVERYONE WHILE YURIKO WAS JUST A CR3TIN HIGH SCHOOLER
"During dates where we are beating up some cops, fucking bitches and maybe while we watch some movies. And when i am breeding you every 2 hours."
Confirming what? Dude, you are all trying to redo your childhood school yard bully days and failing, it's time to be a grown up now and stop picking on the smart kids.
a girl who bullied me through high school really requested me spam ig
this is seriously so weird to me ppl are trying to pretend that tall ppl dont get bullied for being tall. Literally all through middle school &amp; high school everyone wanted a “short girl ” and called me a man just for being slightly above average in height. it happens
The film ends where it started with Nimbe murdering his school bully in the glare of everyone. It was his final unraveling as a gangster, completing a total turnaround for a mummy's boy. #NIMBE
these are BULLIES. these are HIGH SCHOOL. FUCKING. BULLIES.
I can’t believe I used to let girls bully me in high school that have their instagram bio saying “sunshine with a little mix of hurricane”
//Quite the eager slut.
I think it's girls who got bullied in high school tbh
He literally is the biggest participant in cancel culture. He fires anyone that disagrees with him or that doesn’t kiss his ass. He fires (cancels) them or has Barr do it for him and attacks them on Twitter like a middle school bully.
my best mate said to me once that I look & sound like the girls who bullied her in high school &amp; whilst it was a flippant comment that kind of stuck with me so I'm semi aware of it when I speak to some women esp ones who don't know me; there's times a stranger can't 'read' you &amp;-
#NakagawaTaishi and #IshiiAnna to be lead in movie "Kudake Chiru Tokoro Wo Miseteageru". Based on novel by Takemiya Yuyuko about a third-year high school boy with a strong sense of justice and a first-year high school girl who bullied. Release on May 8. #中川大志 #石井杏奈
I was bullied by a girl Jordan all through our elementary and middle school sjsjsjs but we sort of became friends in high school after she became less bitchy
She reminds me of every girl that bullied in middle school/high school
You’re not that big of a deal to write home about, lose the arm and your brains won’t give you enough to feed you and we’ll see you on the streets begging #whataliseryouare #lackofempathy he has a degree and doctorate what do you have? Barely high school &amp; known bully &amp; arrogant
girls who bring marble swell bottles to class bullied other girls in high school
These girls who were a year older and bullied me in high school have randomly started going to the gym I've been going to for years. Annoying, but I take comfort in us all being in our mid-30s with weight to lose. TOGETHER.
Exhibit A on how the bullied gay boys in high school turn into the mean white girls once they come out of the closet and take it out on the lesbians
"Poop Shop" I love how unsubtle and childish it is. Almost like if a school yard bully got into politics. "OH YEAH? WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF THE GAYLIBS GOT IN CHARGE?! GO TO THE POOP SHOP?!" Outstanding.
High school is not all sunshine and rainbows. Other things some people tend to ignore is the fact that students get bullied, administrators care more about what the students wear rather than their actual education, girls tend to get called the weak gender, males are.. (3..)
The way I was like opening this tweet 'huh so ppl do like deep voices, why have i been bullied, told i sound like a man, and called slurs then' and then looked at the replies and realised ooooh they mean pretty girls with 'normal, feminine, but not too high' voices lmao
Love this woman that is the office bully reflecting on being bullied in high school because the girls were jealous of her and the boys wanted to date her
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7ny.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/ via @ABC7NY. I HOPE YOU GET WELL YES HIRE A GOOD LAWYER .THE 2 TEENS NEED TO BE IN JAIL
I remember in high school when we watched the video on eating disorders&amp;a few girls i had used to be friends with knew i was bulimic from being bullied,so when the scene about bulimia came on the one dumb bitch in the back was like ‘shouldnt u be puking rn Kaylee?’ Girls are evil
RT @SuperButterBuns: P3: All the adults are crazy
remember when no one gave a fuck abt me in high school but then the principal gave me the disc with the formal pics on em and then every bitch who bullied me added me like thanks for the pics girl miss you bc i fuckin REMEMBER
This little boy bulling his baby brother ,
Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/Vc6rnVyQ via @Change pleas these girls are horrible
2. I'm legally blind due to- Tw // Harassment / Assault / Mention of Surgery A middle school 'bully' shot staples into my left eye, causing me to be blind in that eye for over a month and a half, before regaining only about 20% of my vision in that eye after surgery.
Yea I hated when all the girls bullied me in high school
Always loved ‘Back ago School’. Writing naughty stuff on the black board then having the teacher chase you around was a blast... At least we know where Rockstar got the idea for ‘Bully’
Dehza get bullied at school /: my poor bby!
just realized i would have probably been my bf’s high school bully
we’re a public school, we’re a public school, we’re a public school my 6th grade history & math teacher bullied me in front of the class often &amp; she dumped a water bottle on my head in front of them. called a girl the n word &amp; is now a high ranking official at another school.
My sister was getting bullied in high school for her bad acne and thick eyebrows and her tomboy style and the teacher told her that maybe if her mom got her girl clothes, got some medication for her acne, and got her eyebrows done the bullying would lessen. I KID YOU NOT!!!!
girls that bullied me in high school now wanting me to do their hair lmao no bitch
i just blocked one of the girls who bullied me in high school on YELP lol life is weird wow
If you're tweeting about getting bullied by a girl in junior high I don't think it would be much of a contest...
Every bully I had in high school that swore they invented the word "queerburger" and spoke mostly in 300 quotes
Every time ahmed thinks and says something about him and thinks he is hot and sexy and whatevery im like bro u the type of dude girls never date and in high school used to be bullied
Of course, @realDonaldTrump. Those bully tactics of yours have worked out so well for you, thus far. #ByeDon2020 #ONEV1 Z25 Trump proposes defunding public schools that don’t open during the pandemic -
I am surprised he never got beat up in military school if he did he would never admit but yeah I guess he must have bought friends as his posse, I did hear he was a bully in military school.
@Aiden_Zhane I really liked you on #DragRace I’m so sorry a lot of the girls bullied you especially @thebritafilter who apparently can only fell better when she’s dragging another queen down. So hold your head high and now there are those who saw you and loved you
he looks like a girl who would've bullied me in high school and im into it
This is like saying you gotta ignore the bullies at school and don’t give them a reaction. But that’s what assholes want you to feel, powerless. Don’t stop standing up for yourself!
I love seeing girls that were bullied in high school, really living their best lives now. Gettin their bag, exploring, falling in love, knowing who they are. Like you didn’t peak in HS and you are so beautiful for that!
idk why i paid to see a clown w a big forehead bully people when the girls in my high school class bullied me for free
a middle to high school GIRL. But it’s actually coming from a grown ass “man”. I have texts that show how respectful &amp; understanding I tried to be . But when I’m getting bullied &amp; things are being demanded from me. I draw the line. I know the truth .
Kai: I really like this girl please don’t ruin this for me guys Taemin: aren’t you the guy who bullied me in high school? I still won’t forgive you for pushing me around and taking my lunch money
Watch your tone, Donald! Your handlers want you to pretend you don’t have the maturity of a grade-school bully for the next 100 days!
Who i am. - firstly, im a daughter to a mother who came to Israel from Russia because of antisemitism. They used to be poor and people used to bully my mom in her school in russia, they really couldn’t take that anymore so they left everything and came to Israel to
You guys are very mean, like school yard bully mean, to women who are unambiguously black.
It’s the grammar school equivalent of having cooties. It’s what bullies say to leave others out. People who call others racists now are simply bullies.
it's funny because that was the name of the girl that bullied me in high school
Daaaamn boy. I actually was more of the "skip school with my skater clique to go get kicked out of the mall" kinda loser than a nerd or bully.
In high school I used to get bullied by a special ed girl bitch would dead ass hit me, and like fuck was I supposed to do
A child does random acts to ‘help’ the builder on his own initiative. Clearly you don’t have children, it’s what children do, try & help! As for accusing the builder of bullying for his letter & £10 pay. Bully’s at your school must have been crap if you got paid by them!
Feels like a reunion day for me because this girl who used to bully me throughout high school came in also! And sadly she has not grown up and bullied me when I was helping her lol. Wish I could crawl in bed with my cat, I need lovin
Y’all act like when kids come back to school they aren’t going to be sent to school sick. Or that bullies will be purposefully coughing on thier targets, usually minorities, especially around where I live and in rural areas. That shit is fucking insane.
high school bullies stop becoming nurses challenge
girl on the right looks like she bullied me in high school why are these people nurses
Koe no Katachi. Is a really good movie about a guy who bullied a deaf girl in junior school. And tries to make things right in high school. Bit of an emotional roller coaster tho
@SenTomCotton from what I understand you were the lil bitch all through school then you figured out you could get any degree then join the military and nobody could really bully you but you could shit on others and never be in harms way pussy
He usually does. I think he believes that if he insults someone enough they’ll leave. If he can get them to leave, in his mind he’s “won”. I just find him to be a child like bully. He probably got beat up a lot in school.
You sound like the school bully inviting the little guy over so that the bully can punch the little guy in thw face to prove that the bully is not a bully.
-The Best Ever-
From being bullied in middle school for being overweight, to freshman year turning into a bully because of my insecurity, to now, my senior year. I can confidently say I don't give a fuck what people think anymore, and I am proud of my "transformation" and I will continue.
funny how a bunch of dance moms, girlies, teachers & competition judges will see a boy potentially bullied about choosing a “girly” activity &amp; encourage him w featured roles n high scores but a girl playing football is a nuisance and usually barely tolerated :/
MovieGems#72: Three O’Clock High (1987). Nebbish but likeable bookworm somehow offends the hulking school bully and spends the rest of the movie trying to avoid the inevitable showdown after class. No angst, no parent-hating, just a brisk, funny, brilliantly directed gem.
Jackson -THE jock -captain of all the school sports teams -nicest man you know -happy, average grades -is everyones friend -asks to copy your homework -doesn't listen in classes -secretly really smart -just wants to enjoy his time -if you bully someone he's gonna hit ya
cass was definitely a high school bully and has never left that high school hierarchy mentality #BachelorInParadiseAU
Just to recap on Victoria F accusations/facts: Modeled for Confederate &amp; White Lives Matter Gear Stole multiple BFF's husband's Bullied girls in high school for their bodies That's it...for today. #TheBachelor
It's 7th grade. I was being bullied every day by a group of girls. She was probably being bullied by these boys. Kids are cruel in Jr. High, but this lie could have cost these boys everything.
Mom is asking me to attend my high school reunion.. She doesn't know I was bullied in high school. Those Ilongga girls were mean to me. It was awful.
half of the girls from my high school posting quotes about mental health bullied me
Can you believe that freshman year of high school I was bullied by two ugly ass girls because they thought I was flirting some ugly boy that they liked
He looks like the bully in a movie about a British boarding school
i hope every girl that bullied me in middle school/high school is doing good
But yeah...Let’s hear the WH bully schools into opening. #NotMyPresident
Me: Mom a bully is picking on me at school. Mom: Kill them with kindness. [Drops bully in a well and fills it with jelly beans] Me: Be careful not to eat too many. I know you have diabetes.
STOP TRYNA SLIDE IN THE DMS OF THE GIRLS YOU BULLIED IN HIGH SCHOOL
"(though in the episode "Fight!", school bully Dwayne is wearing a T-shirt which clearly displays the logo of the British progressive rock band Asia and Spike was seen wearing a Smiths T-shirt in the "Big Dance" episode)"
And to everyone saying that he is wrong for mentioning that women also bullied them, grow up. I hate the patriarchy as much as anyone, but as a girl I know how mean other girls can be too. How many tears did I shed in middle and high school over mean things my "friends" pulled?
*She sat down next to him, a sigh escaping her lips* When I was born, I inherited something called “heterochromia” from my dad. My eyes were two different colors. So, when my mom sent me to school, I constantly had bullies telling me about how much of a freak I was. +
The police shouldn’t behave violently because they’re the POLICE. They’re supposed to uphold the law, not break it. They’re acting like school yard bullies. It’s pathetic.
time to test it on your high school bullies/enemies. LOL
Saw this tweet that said “all them girls that bullied in high school are now nurses” BIIIITCH if that ain’t the damn truth why y’all so amped to help out now?
My last points of reference were as a kid when I was stung in the neck and when I was swarmed at school bc a bully poured pinapple on my hair and they refused to let me was it off in the late spring (Catholic School) And it hurt then a Billion times worse
The stereotypical homophobic high school bully who’s secretly gay but it’s me hating on France because I wish I were them
@TheDemocrats and the "I don't care" @gop Against our better judgement, we let #DonTheCon bully us into opening the economy too soon. It cost us 142,000 dead. Now he's bullying us to open schools too soon. 285,000 dead? trump is not the answer. Red or blue, #VoteBlue2020 #SaveUs
She's amazing for one, but most importantly, she's bridging the gap between genres. I saw her live and honestly the best part about it was seeing the type of girls who bullied me in high school liking the same dark shit I like
//Still can't rp at the moment. At work.
The girl that bullied me in high school just named her child after me. Perspective people... perspective.
I was bullied all through school. From about 4th grade on. In high school, some girls who were supposedly friends of mine spit lots of teeny pieces of gum into my hair. Took mom and I many many hours to get it out without cutting my hair. I had cis het parents.
I didn’t go to high school with y’all so I can’t speak on ur drama from then, but it honestly just looks like u trying to bully one of the most positive people I’ve ever met over shit that happened so long ago? Just keep it to urself cuz u look foolish
The girl Vaush had on his stream, the one who talked about black nationalism, Vaush pretty much bullied her on his stream and I want that to be known simply. Dude antagonized her and it’s worse with context.
GOONIES + ARU SHAH To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th “hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #MG #FA
Known as a high-quality human company, Five has bullied a little girl for so many years. Long-term cooperation hurt her knee injury, grievances dress up old-fashioned. Now the fixed station is next to it. Even the photos are only close-ups of the legs.
I get most of the backlash about that netflix show with the tall girl but all the people hating on it because "shes tall and white shes not getting bullied" is stupid. Imagine being in high school and being over 7 feet tall, and a girl. People are gonna make fun of you.
After pushing it a bit too far, the girl prepares to transfer schools. Upon hearing the news, his friends who also bullied the girl are now bullying Shoya. 6 years later, now in high school, he feels outcasted and is alone. Slowly, very slowly, he begins to open up to the world..
Sorry to hear that Luca's having a hard time with bullies. Had to deal with it for years myself growing up, to the point where I wanted to move schools too. It mightn't feel like it now but, speaking from experience, I can promise you &amp; Luca things will get better
This nigga Damian always be hittin me up when I got school the next day lol
Megan is upset by #school #bullies 'cos of her reading skills. Her father cheers her up with a unique suggestion
The school bully is missing... https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B08739BX4B #PsychologicalThriller #crimefiction #suspense #mystery #fiction #kindleunlimited #kindle #ebook
What are we in High School! Somebody needs to call the principal, the school bully’s have taken over the playground again. @GovInslee @realDonaldTrump @FreedForGov
The girl that bullied me in high school loves this band and would probably bully me again if she knew I stan BTS so seeing this makes me v happy.
At my school the popular kids are the bullies. Will half of them at least.
I have literally said no to doing girls hair that bullied me online in high school
just saw a high school bully in some crispy air force ones i hope they CREASE she's a bitch to this day
It’s some moronic version of those kids in school that would bully people by saying, “Hit me!” while pushing them back and yelling in their faces only to eventually get hit and cry foul. And if you’re genuinely protesting, get out of the way of the cops to grab those people.
All of the girls who bullied me in high school are in sororities now and I justus think that’s funny
I don’t even know this girl but she bullied me in high school.
@_gAiL__ She didn't want to do it. I made her. Bullying kids...hours of fun guaranteed.
you speak to me like a school bully in an 80s movie and i’m here for it
if i went to school with draco idc if he was the biggest bully i would still bully him
I’m glad the girls who bullied me in high school look like they bathe daily in pesticides and corrosive acid
50 cent remind these weirdo niggas of they high school bully
That one girl that gets bullied in high school so she cuts her hair for no reason
High school bullies: Mfana be o reng maobane?
I had enough trouble being bullied by girls our high school toilets. I didn’t need the boys joining in. Not that I think they would have, they would just have been mortified at sharing a space with sanitary towel bins.
If i could bully high school me....omg
I got teased in school but it was by other black people. My bully in middle school was mixed + he teased me for my hair and wrote "ugly girl" on my locker Black girls always had something nasty to say about my locs I had at the time, especially when I wore them in Bantu knots
Just found out that the girl who bullied me in high school got arrested and jailed for 6 months. For stealing cars with her meathead boyfriend. Yes, that one, the same one who broke her own arm and pinned it on me. Its been like 7 years and I still don't know how she did it.
HIGH SCHOOL FCKIN BULLIES.
I’ve gone from weighin 210lbs in February 2018 to 149lbs today, have completely changed myself physically and have people who use to bully me in high school asking me to help them get fit/stronger, and girls starting to notice me, yet I’m still not please about my looks yet. :(
Went to school with these girls. They were in the "popular" crowd at my middle school and the high school I went to my freshman year. Idgaf if people make fun of them because they would've bullied me in a heartbeat if I wasn't so invisible in school. Go off on them
All the girls who bullied me in high school are fat now
Its the intellect of the school bully.Cummings leads the way with his three word slogans and Billy Bunter carries the theme on with insulting rhetoric
me: girls who bullied me in high school:
BOOP, now go cry fed. Ouchie the water bottle hurts through my ballistic helmet and plate carrier. Just like every bully in school, they're fucking babies. I've seen less dramatic reactions in soccer.
Don’t think this just happens to girls. I was bullied by male coaches in high school and I hated it while the girls had fun during sport. I don’t know if I’m proud of that hard work but it made me a winner and taught me adversity
I was bullied terribly by two girls in high school. My art teacher once hid their bags in the ceiling cavity and fist bumped me on way back to the front of the room. He was the only teacher to ever stick up for me... even if it was in a weird way.
Funny how the girls who bullied me in middle&amp; high school AND told me to kill myself are the ones preaching suicide awareness now...why weren’t you preaching awareness back then instead of pushing me to the brink of suicide?
When a girl who bullied you without mercy in high school slides into your DMs to ask if you have a few minutes to talk about a “new health plan” that has changed her life...
Ok but like I literally got bullied for this in high school girls were WEIRD
some of you Hot Punk Girls who make chainmail jewelry weren’t ugly in high school and were bullied for being one of the very few women in a LARP and it shows
Like what is the point? Basically high school bullies running businesses knowing lower class folks rely on that website
Yall wouldnt make beats if you herd what i heat whole making music... Try having your high school bully and amd 12 hatters in the room with you while you make music all the time
Not one of the girls from my high school who bullied me sharing info about pronoun introduction and guides for cis people growth ok but where’s my apology at
High school is a bitch when bullies attack! #Kindle #Nook #iBooks #Kobo #Google Play! https://storyoriginapp.com/universalbooklinks/3fca5040-7e83-11e9-96dd-d7a7b8f25a86
This will always be apart of your life, girls like me bullied you in high school now you pay me to do the exact same thing.
How I resisted bullies in school — Eboserenmhen, AAU graduate in wheelchair
AWAE AU!/SOCIAL MEDIA AU! Anne is not a girly girl at all! She is in her own world when she starts creating. After she graduated high school she wants to become an engineer. There is being bullied by boys but also meats some that are braking doors into her heart.
A kid on a school field trip, private citizen. Adults decided to ruin his life on social media, bully
U guys musta spent ur middle school and high school days being tormented by jocks and bullies. Throwing u in lockers and trash cans like gumwrappers! U guys will never have a life! Good luck, losers!
middle school was absolute hell for me, lit rally got bullied 4th-6th grade . jesus i was living in my bullies head RENT FREE YALL
Bullied 4 being arab, bullied 4 having Tourette’s specially from girls they were ruthless in high school the whole neighborhood kids would start shooting me with BB guns every time they see me cuz I’m Muslim, the scars I had from my tics bullies used that against me. Lotta shit
Some young American smug with social deficiencies. You are the kid in high school who roots for the bullies and laughs at the victim for being cringey. You are in the ballbark of collin and pokkst.
I know this girl that was bullied in high school for being fat. Few years ago she had a really dramatic weight loss and everyone was super proud. She bragged about it in her Instagram every week and even became a amateur Fitness model.
@rebeccakschulz I only wish you’d get a bit angry! Quit sitting silently as your colleagues continue to act like a pathetic pack of high school bullies. I for one am angry! I’m sick of listening the knuckle dragging goofs with whom you’ve chosen to align!
teaching your bullies a lesson by shooting up your school is pretty fucking sick ngl
this emo girl from boomer that everyone was obsessed with that bullied me when i was in high school and had her bf at the time hop on here and call me a nigger is a single mom lmao. aint god good
ryo tsukomo is the girl that bullied you in high school and he messages momo like "omg hey you look great how have you been now listen i wanna expose the chiba salon and i want you to help me out since we were such good friends in high school "
I actually appreciate shows like gossip girl bc I get to fantasize about being bullied by mean dumb girls which never happened at my high school because it was run by hot smart girls who were pretty nice considering
once again I am reminding you that if you don't like my alumna post on my college's career center instagram we are no longer friends (I did not bully my school into being better for four years not to get 100 likes!)
I’ve had no luck in my romantic life either, I was bullied a lot at high school and “wasn’t allowed” to date the popular girls, I thought I might find someone in college but they all had boyfriends or were quite a bit older than me (1/2)
Sociopaths begin as gangs of bullies in school.
I STAN ok in high school, I was bullied by a popular girl all the time, and the one time I did the most non-violent thing and flipped her off, she assaulted me in the locker room calling me a dyke and the school didn't really punish me for it, but acted all disappointed
Jason Leitch talking sense on Breakfast Beeb. He's aways on point and never flustered unlike those englandshire experts throughout lockdown. They always looked like they were waiting for the school bully to slap the back of their heads.
Prove it . You a . Insulting people is a thesis for third grade school yard bullies. This is a big boy (18 voter age) conversation. Give twitter back to daddy and go back to your Xbox.
At least 7 of the girls who bullied me in high schools went into a nursing program and I know that because they heavily discussed it while beating me
lol this is the weird lonely girl that you bullied in high school this is what college did to her bro
I was bullied for the sound of my voice. In junior high the rich jocks would call out my name, in a high pitched “girl voice”, just bc I didn’t hit puberty until my junior year of high school. I’m still self conscious about it.
mean girls from high school becoming nurses is the equivalent of boys who were bullied in high school joining the military
People ignored me in high school except for a few girls. It's almost worse than being bullied to be ignored. I like how Jo-Jo Siwa is against bullying. The popular girls at my shcool I really don't care for, and do not accept friend requests.
Some nurses were talking about that video where the stripper fell like two stores and one of the guys goes “they make good money, huh?” And one of the girls says “but they have an expiration date ;)” whew nurses really WERE old high school bullies
I just be thinking of the girl who faked as my friend and bullied me in high school and other people let her cuz she was light skin and I was dark skin.
Even my high school bully has bigger balls than Reggie.
Yes our fcking borders! Only two country's all over the world didn't sign the agreement over EEA and see boarders and guess which is the one. Have you ever consider that there's something wrong with your behavior? That if we are a child you pretend the bully of school?
I went to high school, and I started getting bullied because I was very weird. I mean, freshman year I went to school in a pirate suit - I just didn't care. I'm not like the cool girls - I'm the other girl. The one that's basically a nerd, but proud of that. Lele Pons
"... I don't know..." Isha sighs. "I mean... It's a big thing in high society when rich girls like my mom end up being single parents. Mom was unable to get married and my grandparents hate me. I couldn't go to any of the schools in my neighborhood because all the kids bullied +
Saw it all the time in high school. Never got why tall girls were so relentlessly bullied. Napoleon complex is a real bastard for high schoolers it seems.
in Survivor, wearing your buff as a tube top is the universal sign for girl who bullied me in high school
I truly hope the girls who bullied me in high school who are having little girls never have to experience them getting bullied
He has given the promoters the all clear to continue. He just wants to destroy / bully/ threatening and kill the "little guy". Perhaps he was bullied at school, who knows but he shouldn't be an MP that's for sure.
I can talk about my dream to own a house without first talking about my middle school bully Jordan. And yes this was in the New Kids on the Block era.
According to twitter everyone and their mothers were bullied in high school. “ This girl who bullied me in high school made me a subway sandwich today.” Give me a break people.
are you my middle school bully be honest
Baby girl, embrace the GINGER I got bullied in school for being a redhead. Now girls are paying high dollar to get my color! Keep that head held high
I’m that girl that would’ve bullied you in high school, only difference is that you now pay me to do it - and you beg me on your knees for it. $end
Tied would he my physical education teacher throughout grammar school. He was an absolute bully that enjoyed chastising &amp; belittling us students whom were not as physically fit as he desired. Mocking took place in the gym &amp; locker room. Anxiety evolved into to panic, &amp; PTSD.
Girl I did not get bullied in High School crying in the bathroom almost everyday from being called a faggot for these bitches to just joke around with the word
Lol some girl who bullied me from elementary through high school came in sat in my section with her parents. All I’ll say is the apple didn’t fall too far from the tree
Also, got bullied in high school by girls. Most of my life, i was bullied by girls. Hardly ever by bois. ;_;) i was anti social, but they made sure they didn't like me. I do not hate girls, because of this. However, this does stop me from talking to girls. Ahah. I'm a loser
Older people are quick to say that a parent didn't hit their child enough if a younger individual is outspoken, then turn around and hypocritically chastise school bullies who mirror the same beating sentiment they adopted from their parents. You #boomers are confused.
About a year ago a young girl who Mained Isabelle beat a high leve competitive smash player. Then she was nearly bullied out of the community.
Fucking I hate that we gotta let Ueno and Kawai in on this shit too like Y'all bullied this poor girl, and THEN bullied the only one of the group who got in trouble for it, and y'all just..... Try to be friends in high school get out of here
You sound like an elementary school bully....and proud of it I’m sure
just saw the girl who bullied me in high school she lookin kinda rough
Oh look it's Buck, the school bully!
most girls who bullied me in high school became addicted to narcotics
a girl who bullied me in high school just liked my pic on facebook bc i look good af WEIRD HOW HATERS BECOME MY FANS
Look out school bully, Andy is here!
girl u look like u bullied bitches in high school n now ur apart of a pyramid scheme. people’s habits are their choice. shit looks like you know that best w cha nicki stan account. bitch u look DUMB
if i went to school with them they would bully me
I just watched democrats act like school yard bullies while you tell lies about what's going on in portland. Shame on you.
I just know that some of them would bully you in high school for liking one direction
I feel sorry for Rebecca Black, not even she deserves to be bullied.
my pisces mars brother can argue with me all day but can never make decent clap backs to his school bullies also gets really passive-aggressive when mad and its honestly so annoying to my 1H aries mars bc chile u can just tell me why u feel upset
Bullied for being black. Bullied for being white. Bullied for being taller than most girls. Bullied for being built like a linebacker in high school. (Lol)
I just remembered a high school thing. Principal's daughter was the stereotypical favorite girl, spoiled and never got in trouble. Bullied. (She did/dealed drugs too.) In the school play (she was given lead role 'mysteriously').. 1/3
... i cant even disagree bc jessica is the name of my high school/college bully who is white and basic
Intramurals, first year high school. I was practically bullied to the point of admitting to a girl in my class. I hated myself so much that day. I get flashbacks of it and wake up in the middle of the night. So anyway, I knew I was ugly back then. But I didn't know HOW much.
I went through a huge ordeal in middle/high school where I was bullied for liking "childish" things and forced myself to stop liking them. Now that I'm in my late 20s? Girl I'm gonna buy all the plushies and play all the games and read comics and no one's gonna stop me.
Why does this remind me of bullies &amp; cliques in school? Bullies with their bubble of bootlicking sidekicks. . . . Because they are exactly this. Trying to save their ass by being proponents of fake positivity. Sorry can't fool us #BoycottAliaBhatt #JusticeForSushantSinghRajput
a:A MANDATORY talent show?!? b: Bullied nerd sings a verse -&gt; suddenly accepted at all parties c. Love interest who’s never talked to you invites you to 1-on-1 skinny dipping d: All the mean girls are blonde e: Small-town high school teaches Sartre so lead can say deep things
Then again, many of these people are literally high school bullies.
In the past even more so. All those wealthy childless godparents whose names pop up in my tree: Foley and Tuffnell for a start (in my work in progress Tuffnell is shortened to 'Tuff', which I rather like, even if a child so christened today might end up the school bully?).
Does Don Lemon have any ratings? I watched his show tonight and he sounds like and angry middle school bully. Or maybe a Mean Girl with a “burn” book.
Threw some color on the Rita sketch @KorpsPropaganda did to try and nail down her color scheme! I imagine that as a kid she was bullied for being a boy with pink scales and went full hot girl to compensate. Also, did I have an obsession with Lisa Loeb in high school? Yes.
acting like the nazis didn’t take inspiration from the gas chambers used to clean “filthy” mexicans coming into america daily for jobs or school in texas
Like y’all really bullied me in school now you guys like “Wowww you thick?! I love it” HUH?! Nah go back to the tiny girls y’all wanted in high school
MY EX BFF/HIGH SCHOOL BULLY WAS THERE. IM DONE
my high school bully still posting about me on Facebook
The girl I bullied in high school is thin now. Thank God for me.
i remember in high school the girls who ran the anti-defamation league were absolutely this energy like...listen i've been bullied. once someone told me i was too pretty
The online bullies whipped themselves up. One, I found, lived in my hometown, NYC, and taught at the local high school. After a brief exchange where she said I was "a racist liar" I called the superintendent and expressed my disappointment. Hope she is well.
Francois, ever the frustrated, never made it to be a school bully, fails to be anything other than a complete and utter cock.
girls who bullied me in high school are my dicks now and im trousers
Did you miss all her anti Corbyn tweets in 2019? She's a high profile troll, hate monger, dog piler who bullied a teenage girl online.
Richmond finds out his therapist was his high school bully in this week's improvised sketch: https://youtu.be/poTMOvKRrTE Follow us for more unscripted comedy! &lt;3 #comedy #comedycouple #improv #improvisation #therapy #bullying #prank #laughter #film #filmfestival #tvunscripted
@SenThomTillis As my Senator in NC, please act on getting our kids back to school. SCHOOL CHOICE!!, VOTER ID, NO MAIL IN VOTING! RIOTS, POLICE, up and speak out for us &amp; our President! Where are the Republicans on all this crap??? Quit letting them bully &amp; run Washington!
The foundational super-villain origin story is >white jocks bully him at school &gt;white girl says no at the school dance &gt;eventually uses high VIQ to be successful and even makes friends with some whites &gt;but somehow can never forgive his enemies ... no matter what happens
Hey girl! I know I cyber bullied you in high school but I wanted to know if you wanted to find a way to make money from home! Join my team
I was bullied for being gay at my all boys high school, which always surprised me because I was attracted to girls.
tik tok shows you who views your profile and it’s so cliche but this girl who aggressively bullied me in high school views my profile EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. might as well just drop a follow now girlie
You know, it sometimes becomes harder and harder to say not all cops are bastards when you see the people sworn to protect you being on the same level as a high school bully Fucking assholes
Not me going to the local target and immediately seeing a girl I bullied in high school
thinking of reporting all the girls who bullied me in high school for copyright bc they used music in their “goodbye senior year” videos
I just saw the girl who spread a rumor that I was a devil worshipper in high school that led to me being bullied and more rumors abt me and my best friend tweet abt how she been a feminist since she was 13 and I’m just.... hon... I got rocks thrown at me bc of you
I still don’t get why the got bullied in high school? Look at them! Did girls in there school even had taste?
Well let’s see... alr I have to do maths.... from p3.... so abt 6-7 years it lasted because I moved school cuz no one wanted to be my friend in the old one and everyone bullied me but threw again I gave my self a bigger problem cuz I might’ve made friends but theirs a worse bully
every girl who bullied you in high school has ‘spread kindness’ as their instagram bio
All the girls in this pic claim their empaths but bullied you in high school
You know the old rhyme: Sticks and stones may break my bones, but Starbucks labels really hurt my little feelings. Don't laugh! I'm sensitive. I was bullied in high school and demand respect! I have a gun! Did you hear me, little girl?! Hands behind your head! Get on the ground!
the girl who bullied me in high school for being weird &amp; artsy is looking for illustrators for her (flopping) fashion line.... i’m sorry but i have to laugh
It's kinda sexist how women usually get a lot of free drinks when they go out, but I can't poison all of my high school bullies.
Were you bullied by the popular girls in high school and now you make your way through life giving gossipy views no one asked for?
The girl who bullied me the most in high school tried to sell me Scentsy. Who says to themselves “you know who needs a candle? The girl I called a dyke and whore on the daily in 2001. Yes.”
So if Im gay and someone bullies me can I just start a terroristic attack on the school and kill everyone? Is that what you are saying?
I love watching girls that bullied me in high school get pulled into pyramid schemes
True! I was bullied by a pretty girl who's popular way back in high school and it was never hot and cool. It's a bad experience.
I believe most you mean girls on this app were servely bullied or picked on in high school. Y’all sure do take that trauma out on people on here. Seek help friends.
bullied for being soft and friendly back in elem days. bullied for being close to girls and not acting like my jerk guy classmates (drinking, smoking, watching porn and all the straight toxic masculinity stuff) in High school.
I am not in touch with any friends from high school. In fact, I wouldn’t say more than a passing ‘hello’ if I saw them on the street. But, I do stop and chat to the school librarian who gave me sanctuary from bullies!
Please try not to come off superior to @scheana she Is a kind person who’s already been bullied by @MusicKillsKate and @stassi seriously mean girls is over after high school
"all the mean girls from my high school became nurses" maybe you just sucked and deserved to be bullied?
right now I'm telling you about my friends mothers, who made sure I was bathed, dressed, and fed before school, who walked with me to keep me safe, the fathers who ran off bullies from other neighborhoods and told bedtime stories to 9 little girls of various tones at many sleep
Kelsey is the girl in high school that bullied everyone around her bc she secretly hates herself #TheBachelorABC
To the mean girls from high school who became nurses...this is bc you bullied me off of the soccer team.
Better Days "It tells a story of a bullied high school girl and a teenage street thug, how both of their lives were changed by each other. .." #ParkYuchun listens to songs and watches movies he can relate to. He was a victim of public bullying. Relates he can for sure. #少年的你
Going after people with who support other political candidates...what did we call those folk growing up? What were we taught those people are called in school? I'll let you Google it...I'll give you a hint bully...its not from America.
i know i have 5 followers but i want to preface - they almost always did it b/c the person was a bully/incredibly terrible and the school wouldn't do anything about it. our school was lawless, when it comes to bullying.
UR A BULLY A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY
He was chased and bullied by his junior high school classmates. It was eventually arrested. A girl from a junior friend of the university was riding a bicycle while holding a kusa and saying Kusa. I really liked a good general store.
um. i think one of the girls who bullied me in high school kinda works at my job but only in the summer time . oof
Bullied by a bunch of girls through high school, moved on. It happens. You moved on to make it your lifes work to bully others, and to hate demonize men. I guess some of us take different paths.
"... I don't feel guilty for killing him, I just feel guilty because I enjoyed it. He tormented since I was a child, even let the bullies from my school harass me they almost cut my eyes out... I felt enjoyment once I heard the last vines wrap around his frame, while the blood─ https://twitter.com/iMoonlightDance/status/1288273954902118400
Hell, they were all looking for a fight. They’re nothing more than a bunch of insecure school yard bullies that need the snot knocked out of them.
becausegoodheroesdeservekidneys: thenihtgenga: gauntletspirit: shortace: eruvadhril: bemusedlybespectacled: So, I had the enormous privilege of actually listening to the private recording of a girl who bullied me in high school, as in a...
I heard this kind of threat so many times in school from bullies. I laughed at them back then and I laugh much hard now because of what they’ve become.
So you kept to sweet old people just trying to get home from going home... man you are a school yard bully or what. Pathetic.
My elementary school bullies:
once this girl at my high school got like cyber bullied for tweeting about how she was sad that her bday was 9-11 cuz no one payed as much attention to her bday since it was overshadowed ... but personally I was on her side like she deserves a day just like everyone else
I was never bullied. In high school I got along with every group. Nerds, goths, punks and the "cool kids". I had friends in every group. The nerdy girls were the hottest. And the nerdy goth chicks... they were the most depraved. :) Ahh, memories. Kelly G where you at?!?!
A girl in the Mankhurd region of Mumbai was bullied by Muslim residents for raising her voice against the blaring of azaan in high volume from a neighbourhood mosque in her area. https://www.opindia.com/2020/06/mumbai-girl-bullied-for-requesting-to-lower-volume-of-azaan-blaring-from-mosques-loudspeaker-local-mla-asks-her-to-leave-her-house/
Look at it this way: kids who are abused at home then go to school to bully other kids don’t get a pass, why? because even if they themselves are exhibiting behavior they learnt at home, they are *still* to be held accountable for hurting other kids.
You remind me of a school yard bully trying to blame others for his crimes.
I was never allowed female friends in high school. Coz it immediately made me a lesbian.... Like the girls who bullied me about it only hung around girls...
girls who bullied me in high school are leaves now and im lactose intolerance
Because you remind of the girl who bullied me in high school...
GOONIES + ARU SHAH To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th "hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #F #MG
fav part of #BellLetsTalk is all the girls who bullied ppl in high school saying “mental illness is REAL” when in reality they’re the ones who caused everyone’s issues lol
Lol my first client I have on saturday is a girl that bullied me in high school :))) maybe I'll accidentally stab her in the eyeball with my tweezers
Everyday since infant school I was bullied got to the point my last day of high school I pushed one of the girls down stairs broke her collarbone I felt guilty after Why god knows your daughter is beautiful and the bullies are low as they can be the arse-holes
sooo ur gonna bully me in middle school for talking abt spiritual stuff and then now come ask me abt how to astral project for ur own love life ? fuck u
And the state bill that Republicans wrote & passed, The Hope Scholarship, wouldn’t have done anything for your granddaughter either. In FL, Republicans make the bullied kids change schools, not the bullies.
i really used to let people bully me in high school because i wanted to be their friend i-
Feelings of personal worthlessness, victimization, are supported by The Group. They identify with The Leader. They equate his enemies with their own personal, internalized monsters: Dad; Husband; school bully; boss; and conspiracies become the framework for perceiving the world.
And he would pull her hair and bite her ear in the classroom!! (Yes, they are high school students!)More WTH!! But yet again, in the end, the girl fell for the moron! And get this the reason she transferred to the school is because she had been bullied in her previous school!
Speaking of schools. I'd watch a let's play of Rockstar's Bully in 2020
IM NOT GONNA BE ABLE TO BULLY OOMF AT SCHOOL ANYMORE .
people will bully in school, send death threats/hate comments, yet they think they can cancel people. And I mean them cancelling people for small stuff. I think we all agree we do need the Jeffree Stars in the world
However in high school I was in the front row of a weird kind of bullying &amp; then real bullying. The most ~bullied was my best friend who was hated literally for being pretty. It was the start of the blogs &amp; girls &amp; boys wrote a huge ass blog to post lies and rumors &amp; insult her
It’s true, high school cholas never bullied me for being a lesbian unlike other groups of girls (I still remember all of you who bullied me)
None popular high school girl with one nerdy guy friend gets bullied by the whole school and her crush. And then in the end ends up with her ain't shit crush and the whole school starts liking her
How much you wanna bet that girl probably bullied tana in high school and that’s why she thought it was funny to post that she’s now pregnant, stop holding her higher than normal people, if you saw someone from your hometown do it you’d probably laugh smh
You were one of those insufferable hollow girls in high school who bullied the insecure, but massively adorable ones.
Not the girl that bullied me endlessly in high school trying to add me on facebook.
she's the one who bullied the conservative anime girl w the really fake high pitched voice in that storytime YouTube video for being homophobic
i’ve been bullied by peers + adults for most of my life. i was too smart, really easy-going, chatty, high NRG, didn’t respond to adults abusing their authority, i was boyish &amp; preferred pixie cuts over long hair, too loud for a korean girl &amp; i hung out with black &amp; brown kids.
Mariam - sometimes people take time to reflect. I went to a high school reunion years back and one of my alumni apologised for being a bully all those years ago. Very little surprises me. That did. It was him showing a level of maturity, understanding and deep regret
Y’all remember when that white girl in my high school theatre class bullied me because my ass jiggled
Whats the point of having police officers do any training when they do shit like this? Just give any wannabe high-school bully a badge. Where are those good cops everyone keeps mentioning?
This little girl came up to me and said “how old are you? You look like a kid. Do you get bullied? My mommy used to get bullied in high school because she was 16 and got pregnant with me then dropped out” GIRL WHERE IS YOUR MOTHER???
I was that girl in high school being bullied and cried the whole time. If I told they'd find me the next day. That's was back in the 80s it's still happening breaks my heart. Brought back tears for me. He just took it like he deserved it. No one deserves that. What a brave soul.
chieko middle school bully is so mean to me :,(
Just saw some girl from my high school tell another gorl “my favorite thing about you is that you stayed tough when me and my friends bullied you” like WHAT
Shukri was bullied badly at school and her bullies were with her at her time of death.
that moment when your elementary school bullies slide in your dms &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I LOVE IT
So the girl who bullied me in high school and who I thought was my friend goes to U of M with me.... If you're reading this I have such better friends and+
Also me and @LuminaryLeah we’re the best friends and Sophie reserved the mean popular high school bully for @madisunemily
also you can see where the girls in high school that once bullied you are wanted or spend their free time stealing underwear from the mall but what’s it to me? quality entertainment
I hated them... I wanted them to be leaked. My friends that were bullied got rejected. We recorded girls, I am now 29 Years old. I did bad stuff. I got drunk, and got high. I went to jail for 3 years.
Wait, is Buck a high school bully, or am I? Just looking for some clarification.
I just put myself in an awful mood. Find out a girl that bullied me hard in high school is pregnant along with like 3 other couples that got married after me &amp; my husband did. I know it’s not a race. I just really want to start a family already.
I remember back in High School, I used to be bullied a lot for my voice. My voice was (and still is) deeper compared to other Girls in my School, thus began a tirade that I was actually male because of it. As a result, it's manifested into me greatly disliking my voice.
The girls who bullied me in high school still buy there panties in packs
Schools. Sad when the one being bullied is always the one getting in trouble. Schools stick up for the bullies and the victim is left feeling much worse... I’ll die defending my boy!
What about the teachers? How many kids need to die before it becomes unacceptable? Get a spine and do what is right instead of cowering behind Trump. That will be your legacy of shame. I don't care of schools feel that it's safe to open, just don't bully them CDC &amp; White House
Years ago? He's a narcissistic, public school big head &amp; bully, (albeit it'd be easy to knock him out etc.), who regularly refers to a couple of prominent Brexiteers, e.g. Digby Jones &amp; Mark Francois, as fat, dumpy etc. I despise O'Brien.
Nengi can lie for Jerusalema ikayalami . She said she fainted all through her secondary school days from jogging, We that graced the walls of federal Government colleges in Nigeria known for bully and worst no faint like that #BBNaijia2020 #BBNaija #Erica #Wathon
just thought about the time I was being bullied/targeted by a staff member back in high school and I EXPOSED his ass in a very long, very strongly worded email to the school board and faculty. yeah girl I've always been messy it ain't just for twitter
These girls bullied me in high school, even earlier for even liking @justinbieber because “he sounded like a girl” &amp; was “fugly” so that made me a lesbian..
Our schools need people who truly care in them and, in my experience with public education, they’re few and far between. I don’t plan to bash students in the teachers lounge like a lot of teachers I knew growing up. When the teachers are the bullies it’s hard to make a change.
P.s. Never feel guilty for telling teachers & for getting bullies in trouble. They’ll try to pretend they were joking to get away with it &amp; to make you feel bad, don’t fall for it. I also think bullies should be removed from schools until they can learn to behave themselves.
girls who bullied me in high school are imaginations now and im ladybug
jessica? You're the type of girl that bullied me in high school
I was bullied by both races in high school. Wasn’t black enough but wasn’t white either. Even my light skinned black cousin was bullied by the black girls for not being black enough....
this is like when u find out 5 years after high school that the girl who bullied you for being gay lives in socal and wears matching Birkenstocks w her gf
was looking for a coworker earlier and almost asked another "hey have you seen x, you know works at the desk looks like the girls who bullied me in high school" and that's where it clicked why i suspect she doesn't like me
It’s not funny to get bullied I am autistic I’m in the middle of severe and non severe autistic. I’m low function and a bit high to. I was diagnosed at the age of 7. They say it’s very rare to find it in girls then boys. It usley comes out in severe non verbal. I was lucky.
i had a dream my middle school bully came to my house to bully me some more ??? no thoughts head empty pls don’t come to my house
The girls broke her nose and got 2 days of ISS for it....Go sign the petition to help the young girl get justice #Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/jNkK6zCC via @Change
Your appearance is BEAUTIFUL! There are LOTS of bullies in high school because some people are trying to raise their own worth by lowering others! Let us know when you get a talk show! I'll watch it!
"I can finally get even with those high school bullies"
Same reason people kissed the school bully's ass in grade school: To get stabbed last.
Isn't he one of the ones who thinks it's a splendid idea to send kinds back to school? Dudes a bully himself.
//I KNOW, I HAVE TO REPLY TO A LOT OF PEOPLE IN MY DMS! I WILL REPLY FIRST THING IN THE MORNING WHEN I WAKE UP! (Morning in Belgium, not in America) Sleep well, my dear sluts. Your Queen and Bully loves you and your cute asses.
In grade school, you learn that peer pressure is bad &amp; wrong. But when you get to college, your professors &amp; classmates bully you into thinking that peer pressure is righteous &amp; good. Peer pressure is wrong. Has always been wrong &amp; will always be wrong. Period.
This is what happens when you go through high school being bullied and get your "mean girl" phase online.
We didn’t have supplies in High School but my track coach thought he could bully me into pole vaulting. I was like, “ Didn’t I tell yo ass I’m not pole vaulting?” But I do think it’s an amazing feat when done my those who have perfected the techniques.
How do you stop notifications on Facebook where it’s like “so and so invited you to like Nails by The Girl Who Bullied You in High School”?
good to know the girl who bullied me in high school is still a racist pathological liar
I used to be one of those girls IN HIGH SCHOOL. Literally felt that way because I was bullied by them and after turned into a bad friend when it came to friendships with women. Learned from it and fixed it. Women who say this, they are the problem! 100000%
if youre a girl your nosejob makes you look like a nursing student who bullied people in high school. if you’re a guy it makes you look like you play fortnite
People love to mold her into something she isn't. From the moment she was introduced to Arya's eyes people assumed she was the worst even though it was a ploy of GRRM to encourage critical reading in us. Sansa isn't that pretty girl in high school who ignored or bullied you. 1/2
2 sides to every story. What drove this young man to do such an act? Was he bullied by that girl and he decided that enough is enough? Is he a bully? We were all in high school once. This thing of being emotional regarding such issues is concerning. Root cause yalenyewe yintoni?
Told shawty imma bully tf outta my kids before they start school so that way they not fazed when it actually happens
Bullying is an understatement on my end! Got beat up for dating blk girls in high school from both whites&amp;blacks. Got bullied for clothes being 17yrs ahead of their time! Still get bullied for my name! I keep movin forwards. Im 58 now so i must be weird
ehh are u americans actually getting sent back to face to face school???? Im so sorry
I got bullied for being pale (which like okay I’m weirdly pale so yea) and then when I started wearing my FAKE septum in high school I scared one of those preppy girls I guess. And like frenemy bullies bc I had no idea I was pan &amp; this bitch was always like “YOU SEEM GAY”
It is SO DANGEROUS to open schools with NO FREAKEN PLAN just an ORDER from the BULLY-in-CHIEF!
the bullies, you might see people not saying anything to you or not helping you as monsters who need killing too. Some people may have just sat idly by and gotten shot for doing so. But, I dunno, I'm not them so who knows, maybe the entire school was cunts. And yeah, he was made
why are girls that bullied me in high school trying to add me on facebook??? fuck off
No I won't empty the dishwasher, I have school, you retarrrrd!
I had an unusually large cock and in jr high school was bullied and made fun of. Even some of the girls would make fun of me even though they never saw it.
Story Time : One upon a Royal High day a little girl had many great things. Her sisters friends were very mean and bullied the small girl. The little girl had to pay these people SE boots, a parasol, and 70k just for them to be nice to them. The end. I’m the little girl.
why is everyone so mad about this “tall girl” movie, like no one said that she’s oppressed or anything, it’s literally just another movie about someone getting bullied in high school, this is literally on par with EVERYTHING netflix produces???
i used to get bullied a lot in school for being too pretty they called me “pretty face“ they were like “oooo pretty girl let’s bully her“ and they would be like telling me shit like “oh your face is pretty”
Daddy, I want to be on tv so the girls who had bullied me in high school would be jealous. Clearly, @FoxNews is becoming another entity run by the foreigners.
Matt lindo is a BIG WEIRDO& has always been since literally middle school!! anyone who went to west gate can attest to the fact that that lil 4 ft gremlin used to get bullied &amp; for good reason Buddy graduated literally 4 years ago tryna fuck w high school girls still YIKES
the name of her high school is Ruby Bridges high school and they decided the subject matter of the movie should be white girl gets bullied for being tall, in a school named after a girl who nearly got killed every morning for wanting to go to school because she was black
I faced a bully when a joined a new school in XIth std. One day, fed up of his bullying, I punched him. After that he never bullied me alone, was always part of a crowd.
Currently watching #DonLemon on #CNN #news. What an idiot! He’s making fun of #PresidentTrump like a grade school bully would to a student. Maybe you should learn some manners before you sit behind the camera!
Ok I used to have a thing against hives and monsters. But I think swifties are the meanest. Why you gottabe so mean. Oh I see, y'all a bunch of high school cheerleaders and you think you can bully everyone around here. If your fav is doing fine, just chill. NO NEED TO BE SO MEAN!
LMFAO I just came across a YouTube video of a girl I used to go to high school with exposing people from my high school bc she thought they bullied her but she was the real bully HAHA I am dying rn why does she make this video 5 years later Haha wow ppl really don't grow up
I got bullied myself during junior high, the one who did it becomes literally no one...be strong daddy, be strong baby girl... believe it or not, karma is a b#*ch :)
Bullied for my eyebrows, my weight, my “mustache”, broad shoulders (told I should play football), for my weight, for my family, for the way I wore makeup in high school, FOR MY WEIGHT, for how I looked playing volleyball. For being the new girl at school. yes I can go on....
I went to school with a girl who bullied me from elementary to high school. Mostly for being gay. She harassed other kids of being gay too. Now she’s a full blown lesbian who runs an app for queer woman.
OMG, yes! My old bully...uh PE teacher... is friends with all of my friends on FB and every time I see her post I feel like reaching through the screen, grabbing her throat and punching her in the face. Middle school through High School btw.
yall can call her a bully all u want but honestly can you blame her?? some of those people at her school were so bullyable. anyway queen
— choi yeonjun | junior in high school ✎ . . . ##17 ★ known as someone who is spiteful towards anyone, only person seen with is choi beomgyu. he is categorized as a bully, awaiting only bad grades when it comes to him. ☆ closed off, likes skating
Y’all the girl who bullied me in high school and talked about me behind my back retweeted this and tried to act like she wasn’t the most hated person in our senior class
No convention in Florida... cool. Remember to have the bully put his mask on before he beats the shit out of you at school, sweetie.
I got bullied for wearing sketchers trainers in high school and one time a few girls in my year walked with me almost the full way home just making fun of them
His bullies in high school
the girls that bullied me in middle/high school are now peace and love preaching hippie bitches who act like they’re the embodiment of all things good and kind and i just find it ironic. at least i’m a real person
I got bullied for having a disabled sister and because I cut my hair (pointless reason) these girls I was good friends with through first and middle school then we go to high school and they all turned on me, I got threatened, beaten up, things thrown at me and called all sorts!
i was bullied by some of my teammates and one of my mentors for being the gay girl on my high schools cheerleading squad :) and the schools response was “maybe cheer just isn’t for you” so i didn’t cheer my senior year because of it
Furries be like: "God what a hot jock, i wish they would bully me in the locker room" And I'm just like dude, get real. You haven't been to the gym since high school.
Oddly enough, more people than just me donate. You seem very triggered over a little girl getting medical treatment for a heart condition. What happened to you? Bullied in high school? Small pecker? Both? I'll bet it's both.
Done right, exercise in school can open minds to a lifetime of skills development plus learning about yourself and others. Instead, it’s bullies, favouritism, and maintaining the school pecking order.
how can toki have any confidence when he looks like a nerd i'd bully in high school
Did straight and/or closeted boys bully you a lot in High School?
I do not let bratty teenagers bully me. If y’all wanna pick on me, y’all gonna see the dean in school.
How on earth did you think you could credibly call me a child and go on to Tweet this B-movie, football team bully, middle school level taunting.
But fr fr why is public health being politicized and avoided by NH’s public servants? I expect better from people who bully vulnerable students who already have more to lose than Julia not being able to send her kids to daycare. Or high school.
The marriage of being bullied in middle/high school and being a witty bisexual has turned me into a REAL mean girl, but for good
y’all saying you would bully armys if you went to a kpop fans school let’s be honest y’all too scared to even put ur hand up in class ur bullying no one
ARU SHAH + GOONIES To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th "hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #F #MG
The girl who bullied me in high school I slept with her dad while I was in college. The catharsis is real.
Yes, I hated it in grade school when the bullies would be all "reclaiming my time" when I'd try to talk over them. also imagine going to someone with "Trumplican" in their bio for sex advice
girls who bullied me in high school are hufflepuffs now and im trash
She is a bully, and a teacher??? Wow, I think everyone in CA knows the public school system is completely broken - but she seems to the be the perfect poster child to personify that.
No one: The girl that bullied me in high school: “please go like my beauty page! xx” Ehh naw xx
2014:Bombay High Court Ordered to Remove Illegal Loudspeaker from Mosquès 2016:Mumbai Police to RTI Says "As it can Create a Law &amp; Order, No action has been Taken" 2020:Hindu Girl Karishma &amp; Police Bullied for Requesting to Lower the Volume &amp; MLA Told Her to Vacate Her House!
Might Guy would beat up your high school bullies then invite you to come have a meal with him and Rock Lee and I love him for it
This might have more to do with reporting bullies &amp; kid-to-kid assaults that anything else. With all that is going on, kids are being assaulted in rising numbers in our schools, particularly whites. I've seen some pretty unnerving videos of teenagers ganging up on 1 student.
That video oozes "we bullied girls in high school" energy good god.
all these girls i went to high school with are posting the black squares on instagram i just find it so hypocritical because they literally used the n word daily and also bullied all the poc in the school hmmm so which is it amanda?
in high school, my senior year right before i graduated, 5 kids tried to kill one of the girls ex boyfriends in the bathroom by stabbing him and in college a guy got bullied at a frat party and shot 6 people and killed 4 of them.
I feel like my high school would have bullied the fuck out of a pageant girl honestly, deservedly
Xbox bullies the other systems and software after school
Yeah, and every girl I ever dated in high school was bullied for being Dutch in Holland.
Kinda been thinking about trying to talk to girls again but ya know, got bullied for about a year and a half in high school when all these small town kids found out I was talking to a girl so now I’m like ehhh. Men are trash and I am a possum.
When I was bullied in middle school and high school, not only did I have scripts prepared but my mom would practice sarcastic response role play with me. IDK who is hating on being prepared but this former Girl Scout doesn't play around.
All #MAGA men are failures. Ever see a #MAGA parent? They bully the boys, objectify the girls (if poor, which most are, devalue them) Trump is master- his junkyard dog sons bullied entire lives. #DamagedMAGAMind
I feel like all you need is a bomber jacket and you’re looking like a high school heartthrob , stick me in a tracksuit and I will be the school bully
A girl who bullied me in middle school thru high school added me on Facebook. Hard block. Her and a few other girls put me thru so much emotional trauma and 2 attempts at suicide why the fuck do you think you should be my friend. GtFO
The other night I seen the high school reunion one
I went to school with a great bunch of girls, many friendships still 50yrs strong. I was neither bullied nor bully. About 10yrs ago one of those friends told us she was badly bullied for being 'introverted' in junior high, we were oblivious, are horrified. Please speak up.
Every single mask bully in my timeline invariably has tweets supporting these densely packed mass gatherings in the streets and opposing the reopening of schools... every. single. one.
Brain dead. Blm is like school bully if he start to push and get put down end of probleme. But blm pushed and people got scared now a nothing feels like something.
Cannot believe the utter SHITE im seeing on here for mental health awareness week from girls that LITERALLY bullied there way through high school and still to this day will rip the shit out of you for enjoying yourself on a night out. The absolute HIGHT of disrespect
Welp, time to crack open this can o' worms; bullied for: -being biracial -not "acting/talking black" cuz of my skintone -liking to draw cartoons -having an interest in Lego into Jr. High -being friends with certain people -dating a girl someone else liked Fun times
Luca it honestly feels like hell during the time but everything passes. School is over before you know it. Play the game of school politics, once you leave you never have to see your bullies again. Find strength in your strengths and hobbies and the ppl who love you. Xxxxx
old school, and run into these bullies in the office. They look terrified like they have seen a ghost, and utter “omg we heard your bones melted &amp; you were dead” before sobbing and profusely apologizing for how mean they were to me
I got bullied in High School for Being Gay and all the Girls wanted to Hangout with me not Them.
I was literally 6ft tall all through high school and was never once bullied (to my face anyway idk) because I was a Big Bad Bitch and people in my grade/below were scared of me and the older grades didn’t give a fuck so. Tall Girl isn’t that realistic
me seeing girls that bullied me in middle school and high school for being gay, well before I came out, on Tinder is fucking wild
I wish I bullied more of the white girls in middle/high school.
I was bullied at school today for playing royal high because it’s a “girl” game I had to go home for lunch can someone please help me ;c @nightbarbie @Keisyooo @Roblox @LisaGrande973 @cybernova @MeganPlays @LeahAshe @imagamergirlX @BeeismRblx @iamsannay @OceanOrbsRBX @ShayloYT
She appears to be saying that when a teacher suggests failure to exclude racist bullies might have something to do with racist bullying in schools, it's a trick and should be ignored.
It's nice to see high schoolers get disabled students crowned for homecoming and prom king or queen but in my school they nominated a girl that was bullied frequently as a joke...
"always had a black tool, even when i was at school coz bullies aint bulletproof"
deadass every girl who bullied me in middle school either dropped out of high school, started doing hard drugs, went to jail, or got knocked up. what can i say besides L
I was bullied at my girls grammar school for being a “square” and wanting to learn. I taught great children of all abilities who wanted to learn in a High school (within a selective system)- Grammar schools don’t prevent this kind of bullying any more than any other kind.
Omggg 1. I did not want to box a girl yall 2. We were high af 3. She bullied me into boxing her 4. This is was too funny 5. I apologize for that again
Y’all do more damage than you think you’re doing. And quite frankly, if my bullies told me to get over how they made me feel. I 1000/10 would make them feel the SAME FUCKING WAY they made me feel ever since middle school. I’ve always told myself I’ll never be good enough for any
Girls from high school gotta stop tagging their dads in IG pictures....you bullied me I’ll fuck ur dad
Dreamed I bullied the assistant of a fashion designer into going on a TV show where he had to eat vile food. Then I took finals in a mall with a girl from high school who wanted to kick my ass and my friend Karyn. Then I was Fantine in Les Mis. With Harry Potter and Dumbledore.
I've always found the stereotype of Chad hilarious! We had a Chad in high school he was a skinny loser who everyone bullied. He was also too much of a creep so most girls didn't like him... I can't imagine a Chad the way they're normally supposed to be perceived!
Someone posted a video of school memories to our 20th Reunion FB page. Almost immediately, one of the Mean Girls posted "I was hoping it'd show our favourite teacher" - an inoffensive drama teacher she &amp; her bitch friend bullied mercilessly. Some people never leave high school
i wonder what all the bullies from elementary school doing wit they life rn
This may lead to social anxiety where one of socially bullied, feelings of helplessness, worthlessness, inadequacy, under-developed psychological and emotional maturity, engaging oneself in high-risk behaviors such as substance and alcohol abuse, self-harm
I just matched with someone who used to bully me in middle school.. And the audacity..... Like idk all I remember is the mean ass names you used to call me .
This a million times over. Some of the worst people to bully me for being overweight in my school career were my PE teachers. Oh and the whole "man up that didn't hurt" bullshit can get in the bin too
5/5 that life you claim you have. Act like adults and not middle school or high school bullies. Y'all are gonna push someone who is mentally fragile over the edge. TT already did it. It doesn't need to be done to anyone else. Grow up and knock the shit off!!! 5/5
Lol did a middle school bully ghost write this?
Not good hate bullies my son was bullied for 3-1/2 years then one day went nuts at school with a hockey stick boy they fuckin knew not to do it again. But school did not act in my sons favour
That’s what this is about, isn’t it? Were you bullied by other girls at school? This isn’t high school.
all the girls who bullied me in high school:
These two girls got only two days of in-school suspension for tripping a special needs student, breaking her nose. Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/S4MwnhDh via @Change
UR SO MEAN BYE.??.?.??. a literal high school bully right here
i like how that stuff is unimportant when it’s about how all of y’all literally bullied me like high school girls for an hour but let’s talk about how i react in the parking lot after being pushed to my limit. y’all talked shit about me to everyone but me all night. grow up.
My nigga @DJ5FOOTA317 been my bro since Pre school!
all the girls that bullied me in high school for liking harry styles are now obsessed with him, so who’s the real loser now?
I assume you mean Mosman High school (it’s not a girls school) where my kids go. There are disadvantaged kids in that catchment, check the census. The school also takes many kids who have been bullied out of local private schools for being different (eg LGBTQI+)
owning my middle school bullies who called me gay by fucking guys AND being straight
girls who bullied me in high school are juices now and im ladybug
we’re reliving high school trauma #PS4live Bully Scholarship Edition http://twitch.tv/saturninesun
This shirt under dress style would've been seen as extremely tacky and got girls bullied in the past. This was a loophole created by high school girls that got tired of being dress coded for boobs, shoulders and collarbones
And you guys are the wannabe in the world school who can able to get famous no matter how hard he try, so they start licking balls of the famous/bully kids to get some attention #india_suck_balls
NTA. Do I feel bad for his family? Yep, sure do. But he willfully, maliciously, and deliberately terrorized someone. I'm guessing he was a bully in school and always got off with "you don't have a sense of humor" or "I didn't mean it that way, why are you overreacting?"
I never got bullied growing up, but this one girl in high school made an anonymous instagram page to post other girls' selfies and point out their flaws. What she said about me turned something I had literally never even noticed into the biggest insecurity I have TO THIS DAY.
A lot of black moms were bullies in high-school and grew up to bully their own daughters lets not overlook that
19 year old white girl in my spanish class bullied me today as if the last time i took spanish wasn't when she was in HIGH SCHOOL like sorry i dont remember these words
Never really understood how parents could just drop their kids off at a public school as if it was A-day care and not be involved if they only knew what really goes on in a public school they would have cameras on their Kiddos!! Child abuse, Bullies pedophiles alarming
Hot Take #my200vsbutch200 is the same mentality Bullies at School would use against you. There are better ways to call out Butch on his shit, instead of empowering yourself by putting down others. That mentality is going to subconsciously carry on to other people.
OUCH! That was be a blast to go back to high school though! Except when I got bullied by this girl named Jenny Madden, what a bitch! I’d do anything to go back in time and fuck her shit up! And yes, i’m intending rape. LOL! This is her if I catch her at a party
Dear Luca, bullies are just jealous of you for maybe your personality, intelligence, looks or popularity.There’s something you’ve got that they’d like to have.Don’t let these nasty kids get the better of you.If they don’t stop get the school to sort it
Now owning my middle school bullies who said I stunk by wearing deodorant seems trivial.
Angela stated in an interview that back in 2001, when she was a little girl, she used to get bullied at school for having a high GPA. It drove her to wanting to commit suicide in her bathroom at home with a CD player in her hand with head phones playing music in her ears.
no one is saying skinny people don’t go through shaming, especially people with anorexia or just people that are skinny in general. but thats personal experiences of such shaming, family members, school bullies, etc. being small is still the socially acceptable body type.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/0Nnw4OSA?pd=02P22CX3&amp;s=i2
middle school me would bully tf outta me now LOL anyways :P :0 uwu owo
it's like the bullies from high school were given arms and weapons training and authority to do whatever they wanted to the general population. Nightmare shit.
To everyone who has worked or continues to work on a Star Trek related production: I haven’t seen it. I’m sure you did a great job. I want you to stop because I’m a middle school bully who objects to your interests.
@newby_andrew @sickpics4ever dude it's fucking twitter not the fucking play school library fucking grow a pair balls
High school was really girls being mad that their mcm didn’t like them and liked another girl so they bullied the girl
Sorry to hear that. I was bullied at school and it’s utterly soul destroying. Tell your girls to keep their heads held high. Bullies project what is wrong with them onto others, in my experience xxx
seeing girls who bullied me in middle/high school when i was struggling with mental illness post about world mental health day always gets me feeling a type of way
JHSDJFS "Life is different now, but I'm different." The twitter bio of every girl who bullied me in high school and is now a nurse
to anyone on the tl who wishes to bully a homophobe frm my old school: go to crackjack13 on tiktok and bully him on his second most recent
HOW’S ONE OF THE GIRLS WHO BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL GONNA CHANGE HER INSTAGRAM BIO TO SAY “spread positivity” LMAOOOOOOOOOO
i was the tallest girl in my high school and not ONCE was i bullied for that. they really gotta start finding more important topics to make movies about cause that’s just Bad
Even the girl she bullied back in the day in High school, she tweeted bout that
hope the girls who bullied me all throughout high school and told me to k*ll myself multiple times are having a terrible time
I'm not saying you are wrong. I was confused on which bribe we were discussing. I will read up on it though, thank you for bringing it to my attention. I will say though that no matter what the announcement Trump made about school funding was a bully move.
That game is nuts. As a kid I had dropped my copy and my save corrupted. When I turned it on I had all the equipment and seeming invincibility. After this a bully at school threatened to beat me up unless I traded copies with him.
All ptsd is valid but I really doubt he has ptsd from girls bullying him in elementary school when I’ve been bullied all through high school and can vouch that the 14 years of physical abuse and sexual trauma ptsd wouldn’t even come fucking close to the bullying.
Did you get bullied at High School? I am praying your mom gets help is she wants. Overcoming drugs in a lifetime choice. Alana you’re such a beautiful girl and very smart. Been watching since you were a little girl doing pageants. My heart is so broken for you. Praying !
these are BULLIES THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKIGN BULLI
My son's school was doing circumcision for his grade ndakaramba hangu ndikati achaita ega kana akura I'm glad about my decision
Grow up bully, are you 5 ? You cannot just raise taxes every time the legislature can’t budget. Remove all tax deductions for children and put it into education, simple. When you pull funds out of public school to send them to Allen’s private charter school - it’s wrong.
Plus addressing bullying issues (even teachers are bullies) in schools Plus addressing sexism and eradicating rape culture Plus training mental health professionals to be more compassionate
I don't need to talk to you. When I talk about bullies in high school, I am not trying to make an analogy on Amaury.. "projecting"? Let it be, there is no solution talking to you, I learned that long long time ago.
Like she listens to her doctor. Money on the fact her doctor is actually a girl who bullied her in high school who sells her essential oils now.
fell asleep and had a dream abt one of my middle school bullies chasing me with a knife and threatening to kill me
@PBandJenelley_1 @memory232323 @classy_carmenm blunt?? you are the biggest liar ever &amp; a sorry ass mom..that's why people don't like you
awake had a dream i was back in high school n the whole class was bullying some girl ended up going to the teacher mid class n saying ‘hey, do your job. someone’s been being bullied for almost a week and you’ve done nothing. do your job.’ LFMSMSSM dream me has Had it
Now on twitter you can find people supporting and encouraging school shootings because a transgender idiot indiscriminately shot up a school “because they were bullied “ they shot everyone they could, not even just the bullies and people think that’s great. Twitter is cancer.
I'm topper saare teachers ki good books me thi so they were jealous they used to bully me a lot In school I hardly had 2 3 friends:)
School yard bully. Lying about sales. Picking fights and not showing. He’s been doing that shit for AGES.
Netflix’s Tall Girl is v unrealistic. Literally no one at my high school got bullied for being tall, all we did was walk through the halls menacingly and scare off the dumb males. The weather up here is fantastic
honestly you just have to bully them like popular girls in middle school bullied you. act as if youre NOT bullying them but its obvious you are.
Surrounding you with all my love and full support! You're beautiful inside and out. Like you, I was bullied from elementary school until high school. Mostly by girls then boys. I would come home in tears and wouldn't want to go back to school. Always here for you! BIG HUGS.
High school bullies
I quit dance when I was bullied out of it in elementary school. We were doing a song from High School Musical in my dance class one day and this girl found out and told the whole class to sing "we're all in this together" when I walked in the next day. Fuck that girl.
If anyone tells u they went to high school with me and I was a mean girls bitch who did cheerleading and bullied them they are TELLING THE TRUTH
@AOC speaks for me. Have had expletives hurled at me since I was a teenager. Bitch, Slut, Fatass, etc. From men in cars, school bullies, male co-workers, construction workers, strangers on the street, and on and on.
@RickSnyderNews You need to get on this trans bathroom issue before us parents decide to home school! Don't let #POTUS bully #Michigan
2 DO NOT bemoan Edchoice this yr for ur own kids & then turn around & scold/judge/bully other parents 4 needing to engage in school choice decisions every year. Everyone is supporting ur family’s &amp; child’s Ed needs so please have the decency to reciprocate bc now you know. #abed
Its funny how the bullys in my school glew down and the people they used bully glow the fuck up and thats on karma
Y’all bullied big girls in high school just to turn around and start “weight gain” journeys now. We didn’t forget
He was a high school kid. Geez. These people just crazy? When did it become ok to bully children? Ohhhhh. The hat makes it ok? They are crazier every day. Parents. Pay attention.
last girl looks like someone who bullied me for having bushy eyebrows in middle school and then was like "oh my gawd who does ur brows" in high school
Both killed soo many they could not fill senior positions in factories, research laboratories, and graduate schools because everyone sharp was also independent minded. A problem at inception when anyone of ability in soviets(councils) was pushed out by Bolshevik bullies.
I wish I could go back and tell my high school self that all of the girls that bullied me would eventually hit on me at a bar during a global pandemic.
HAHXJDJCKDCK when the school bully coughs on the immunocompromised kid the school gonna say “we’ll they should’ve thought about that before they chose to be immunocompromised huh :-//“
"I had a marvelous time ruining everything" was me in high school bullying back the bullies
Real talk: the girl who bullied me in high school has friended me TWICE. I've defriended her twice. Why she even tried to friend me is a mystery. She and a couple other girls would pick on me to the point I'd cry in the bathroom between classes.
I lost an eye when I was two because a relative threw a stick. I'm not positive, and they're all dead, but I believe my brother was given instructions to "toughen me up" It worked for a bit I was a bully in elementary school, and your typical jock in HS &amp; frat boy in college
you really do love tour elementary school bullies who wine, and cry, and head for the hills when someone stands up to them
girls who bullied me in high school are revolutions now and im imagination
Rebecca Black removed from school after being bullied by classmates http://n360.to/noc85c (via @news360app) #isitFridayyet
Wow u have the same hair as the girl who bullied me in high school
White girls who bullied you in high school be like "I cant believe the police killed that woman, so glad it wasnt a golden retriever tho "
@LaraSpencer @GMA @ABCNetwork What a pathetic excuse for an apology. You didn't just giggle, you shamed and bullied a boy for liking dance. It was like mean girls in high school. NO WAY you believe what you just said. Grow up!
i remember this guy tried to bully my in middle school and i told him to shut the fuck up and i was never bullied since &lt;3
Girls that bullied people in high school all have "good vibes" in their bio.
"I wasn't made fun of for being goth in middle school just to see it trending now!!" Bitch you're fucking 30. Please work through that everyone isn't your middle school bully, stop projecting onto these teens..half ur age. weirdos
I do get how dumb this is but also... My sister is a very tall girl and deals w a lot of shit for it and has been bullied a lot for her body so please just let the tall high school girls have this.
Why should private school students be protected from COVID while our government bullies public schools to reopen or face funding loss? The class warfare executed by this administration is sickening November can't get here soon enough!!!
Sure and that is part of why DJT is such a dirt bag, he loves to hurt other people for no reason other than to entertain himself. He has no class, no ethics, no empathy, and no morals. He is disgracing the highest job in the country by being a school yard bully.
Even if you aren't an outsider you're not welcome here if you berate people for their interests. Either stop acting like a high school bully or go to your little time out corner.
saw a girl who bullied me in high school while shopping and she said “you look so good, you lost weight! way better than in high school!” and so i said, “thanks! i almost died and now i am having trouble recovering!” and it was the BIGGEST power move
You know what’s weird all the girls that bullied me in high school all had crushes on me!
Don’t forget Belle for the Disney white girl who got bullied in high school
It scares me how accurate this feels and I didn't even have a bully in high school (thankfully) lmao
Seen comments from people who knew her at school say she was a bully, not seen anything in her behaviour to doubt their word. Leopards and spots and all that.
CARLAW the angry 2 faced who has no INTEGRITY is just like wee school bully hiding behind headmaster back because he is F- coward towards any real SCOTTISH CITIZENS and especially our FM
Stole footage from several independent webseries without permission or credit, neglected to blame people who were obviously at fault, didn't even acknowledge that one of the girls was a psychopath, and most importantly, boldly dared to ask "Was Slenderman bullied in high school?"
theres this person that used to bully me in school and now theyve had a job at almost every store in my town and every time i walk in and see them behind a new register, my fight or flight activates
If there was any doubt that the bullies in high school are those hired by the government. Here’s proof.
It’s so ironic bc the same people RTing about “compassion” and “human emotion” are the same mfs that bullied everyone in high school. I really got people from HS tweeting that shit like they didn’t LITERALLY drive a girl to kill herself. Disgusting.
Freaks me out to know I’ll probably never get past my high school bullies. Not a day goes past when I don’t think about them
One of my partners in crime, who was a bit of a bully, accosted me before school, telling me that if I flipped and admitted wrongdoing he would beat my ass.
There is actual physical evidence that I've lost weight but everytime I look in the mirror all I see is the chubby girl who got bullied in middle/high school. I realize now that I'll never be able to love myself because I care about how people see me more than how i see myself.
The girl who bullied me my entire high school life popped up on my tiktok explore and now I’m pissed that she has fans but no one knows that at 14-17 y/o (me )she would harrasss me to kill my self :-///
@Rissuh123 awe! hahah how cute. i hate the mostttt when kids bully him, i seriously want to strangle them all. -___-
Atlas stops a school bully from teasing Olivia
he looks like he got bullied in middle school and became a bully in high school i can't explain
Let me run my "2/3rds rule" by you and see if you find it accurate.... Basically, there are 3 types of cops, 2 of which are dick heads. I'll expand... Type 1 - High school bully (probably jock) that peaked in HS and joined LE to have power over people. (Dick head) 1/2
In second grade, the school bully pushed me off the swingset, and my girlfriend beat him up.
His name calling is akin to a school yard bully. Her maturity in response shows how childishly Yoho Behaved in the moment and in his weaselly non-apology
She’s the #bully on the school playground. But, she’s taunting the principal. But, she’s not a kid And the playground is a public street. And, the authority here - are the #police. She’s about to experience a grown-up time-out. #LawAndOrder #RiotsNotProtests #BackTheBlue
the way 2013 harry looks like every bully in high school
Someone tell me why it’s always the girls who bullied me in high school talking about spreading positivity and loving Jesus
@Tulane @LSU I really hope you wouldn’t allow two bullies like this to represent your schools. Attacking a girl over mental health, money, and looks is sad. If this is how they treat girls on social media imagine what they’ll do on campus.
Put a finger down if u were getting bullied through junior high so badly that ur mom eventually got fed up with it and tracked down the IP address of who was sending you anonymous hate mail and it turned out to be the MOTHER of one of the girls on your cheer team the whole time
ion even fuckin know nigga getto school bullies
Yes. All 10 years of School, 3 different schools, on work places, educations and in the fandom.. I have sometimes had the wish to end in a car crash on my last job, so I could go home. Luckily now Im my own boss, so its only the dogs that bully me now
Next girl I see from high school talk about how they were “bullied” in high school I’m saying something in defense of the human beings that were ACTUALLY bullied. Half of these individuals WERE the bullies. No remorse.
my son was being teased at school for various reason, mostly bullies just trying to get to him. so for him distance learning is ideal. he learns better. he is less upset. but he still processing his experiences from school and a little scared of going back.
What’s crazy is everyone wearing crocs as a trend but in middle school y’all mfs bullies tf outta me
I wish I was back in high school so I can throat chop the girls that bullied me
This ain't school
yeah:D it was cool !!!! I printed it at school out bc its in free access
OMG I can't even begin to imagine how this poor child feels to be constantly bullied. My heart goes out to him & his parents I pray he stays safe; God bless him & his family & all other kids that are being bullied. These bullies must be stopped; what are the schools doing ?
The same reason you gave the bully your lunch money back in school
Are you kidding me? This kid deserves every penny of what he got. CNN and the bullies that work there need to learn a lesson for their blatant lies against a young high school man. The Wa Post and CNN wouldn’t know truthful reporting if you hit them over the head with it.
@bonglez One day I wish a wealthy family could SUE the hell out of a Private school. Some of these schools are the biggest bullies. I also wouldn't put my child back in that school. @Radio702
high school bully greeted me happy birthday. i feel like i just want to send a thumbs down. HAHAHA
Bitches Like there was this girl in high school who bullied me and then we became moms at the same time so now she thinks we can be friends like go away lol
My mom has a girlfriend/long term partner when I was in middle/high school and I was bullied mercilessly for it. Had to leave that school because it got so bad. I’ll never forget finding out that one girl had started a rumor that I had sex with my mom and that people actually—
The girls that bullied me in high school but now we close cause I’m flaming homosexual.
Trump said he would throw the first pitch at Yankees Stadium. They did not invite him. He’s also crying bc apparently Twitter’s trending metrics bully him. It’s like he’s in middle school.
Oh there was. I was also the girl everyone feared in school. Because I took on the Bullies everyone else was afraid of. If one can't stand up for the oppress they have nothing much to live for. Everyone needs a voice, I've just always be the one speak for those who can't.
When I was younger I remember vividly being bullied for having no boobs and girls using “because you’re flat chested” as a comeback for everything. Now it’s a daily struggle making sure I wear shirts high enough and always trying to not look so extra lmfao oh times have changed
idc if it happened in middle school or high school &amp; you're one of the girls that bullied me, wanna be friends now bc we're mom's NOPE CAN'T DO.
20/ High school– autistic girls often get bullied by their own *friends*/peers. The girl will not make a fuss in school. The Mask does not slip. Often parent reports it. The school ethos about Neurodiversity &amp; Disabilities needs addressing to reduce the *perfect student* ideal.
y’all think its okay to bully ppl for liking mainstream stuff &amp; it’s getting annoying! cut it out, y’all sound like the mean girls in high school movies !
Every girl who bullied me in high school is now failing nursing school and selling shitty shampoo in a pyramid scheme
Fax dawg. I miss old fredo, Remeber the days when i could go back home from school and hop straight on yt to watch him, flight and cash. Now hes gone Hollywood. Wont exept the fact that hes in the wrong and would rather bully agent for speaking fax about the situation
Just came across the girl that bullied me in high schools Facebook. And all I can say is Karma is a bitch
So Trump abruptly cancels the @GOPconvention as #coronavirus cases surge, saying “it’s not the right time.” But then he goes and bullies the @CDCgov into saying it is the right time to open schools. If something isn’t safe for Donnie, it’s not safe for Barron either. Or us.
in short we shouldnt let girls who bullied us in high school go to nursing school
Gianina is such a gorgeous looking girl! I wonder what evil kids bullied her for her looks in high school!
How I resisted bullies in school – AAUA graduate in wheelchair
#theyestribe These moments of sanity amongst anger and betrayal and ineptitude caused by public school manipulators and bullies #BorisJohnson , #DominicCummings and #CCPLied are keeping me from punching people at the moment
Jim Jordon seems angry. His blatant arrogance is an attempt to disguise his ineptness. He acts like a high school bully.
Justly another snarky failed Liberal ... srly do you people ever grow up; or do you just send your whole life sounding like 16 year old school yard bullies
Maybe I’m just an impatient person but this movie was waaaay too long. The character development was solid though. The movie’s about a middle school bully seeking redemption for his past mistakes. It’s about seeking forgiveness and learning to forgive yourself
These are bullies, these are high school fvcking bullies https://twitter.com/miaanji/status/1287876174824108033/video/1
high key one hundred percent of girls who bullied you on facebook in high school get super pregnant and super divorced VERY young and it’s the weirdest &amp; best theory of karma ever man
//The plan is to break the eggs to make place for Van's babies. Yes, she impregnates the pokemons and forces them to have normal pregnancies. She is that fertile.
this holiday break ive come to the conclusion that im now hotter than every girl that bullied me in high school
It's sad that #RebeccaBlack's mom has to home-school her because of #bullying. Shame on the kids and adults for picking on a child.
This girl that bullied me in high school now has 3 ugly sons.... karma bitch
@CDCgov What the hell are you people thinking about school reopening! Don't let this bully jackass of a president scare you into doing something that you will regret! These are American kids of the future, teachers, parents &amp; grandparents in danger. You are losing our trust!
and in a twisted turn of events, the girls that bullied me in high school are begging me to join their pyramid scheme... i’m sorry i just can’t find value in you making money off of me working out? #DontWantUrFizzyStick
Camila Cabello seems like the kind of girl who would have bullied the shit out of me in high school
She looks so beautiful and she’s has a very kind heart . The only thing I can say is I was bullied to, but I was a shy over weight little girl. Hold your head up high sweet ness you’re absolutely beautiful and they are all so jealous of you. I hope they stop very soon
Energy! Lols I intend on having 4+ kids for this exact reason. You can tell these ladies never had to worry about being bullied in high school. These the type of girls you know if you touch one you facing 5
Cha'la be that girl who says she wants to go into nursing cause she's super caring and empathic, but she has an entire side account just for racist towards tieflings specifically and bullied you in high school till you cried..
Taylor is so obnoxious, and I don’t even know about the behind-the-scent shit. Judging by C’s extremely racist post and other examples of her behavior in the past, I’m pretty sure racially bullied Black girls in junior high school
Keep more guns in the hands of children. It's okay to have guns in school. Go to school during a pandemic. Bully others on television, media, and online. That's the @GOP way.
I remember getting bullied by two girls in high school but when I defended myself for the first time I was told I don’t respect women and had to get grounded.
I left Fakebook. May never go back. I tried so hard to save their lives, but they were more interested in petty gossip & lies targeting me & my family. Very toxic on there. Very “Memphis” like school was. Bullies everywhere. I will tell the truth here. Xo
the ends of these brats never justify the means, any oppressive power will strive to punish victims for being victims while claiming victim. Typical school bully
The school is being a bully to you.
Unfair cried the school yard bully...No everyone is just plain tired of you and your dumb yes men!!! You've led them right out of their comfortable jobs one go all go!!! #biden2020
OK, so, it’s 1984. A pretty weird time to be in junior high school. I know nostalgia for this period is pretty common now, but I really did not like this time of life. I was shy, nerdly, nearly friendless, and bullied. And, needless to add, had zero attention from girls 3/
the way i legit had to leave public school in the middle of 7th grade bc the bullying became too bad but now those same bullies are trying to become the aesthetic they bullied me for in the first place.
instead of a women tell all episode of #TheBachelor let’s have an episode where all the girls sydney clearly bullied in high school say what she did
It’s the SAME girls that BULLIED me in middle school &amp; high school that always talking about “be kind to people” “have a kind heart” like OK BITCH.
Wow some girls should’ve been bullied in high school cause they really think they’re something else lmao...
EDUCATION NEEDS TO CHANGE FIRST AND FOREMOST! For this little girl to say something like that,shows that there is a high possibility that she got bullied bcs of her skin or beauty.kids need a higher educational system and many teachers to be properly evaluated bf getting the job
2/ I transfered schools in grade 3 due to bullying. Right from the onset, I got bullied. By junior high ( gr. 6,7,8 ) it was relentless &amp; the hockey playing boys were the main perpetrators ( along with the girls who hung all over them ). It was hell. Pure hell
Jimmy Carter’s Sunday School Teaching Days May be over
If your parents put you on birth control in High School, they saw the hoe in you early Kom Bully
Sam Wu is NOT a scaredy-cat (except he is). When a trip to the Space Museum goes terrifyingly wrong, Sam begins a mission to prove to the school bully, and all of his friends, that he is a fearless space adventurer.#SummerReadingChallenge
Kids get bullied by jocks and pretty in crowd girls. High school is rough. Dad did you ask daughter if she ever bullied nerds. Were you a nerd dad.
It made me think of the bullies when I was in school or former co-workers. Sometimes you give it your all, you give all the love you can and they just don't reciprocate it. I spent so much time wondering what was wrong with me and still do. But I try and be and do the best I can.
@TaranaBurke I don't think Bernie White Rebels know who they're dealing with. You will not be bullied into an automatic guilt because they're still living a lie. Only White girls accusations are heard &amp; even then it must be high profile $$
Girlboss companies remind me of the liberal straight girl who bullied me in high school
we all talk about girls from high school asking you to join their pyramid scheme but what about girls who bullied you inviting you to like their photography page... i get 6 a day i stg
@ABC2020 this chick that was bullied in high school seems mad cool now. Funny how things turn out. Sick tarts and nails girl! #ABC2020
i remember when i was bullied in high school when i was like 14 this girl made up a rumour that i watch gay porn and it still think abt it like what kind of weird thing to start is that
The way my middle school bully who threatened to beat me up if i hugged his EX girlfriend is literally praying next to me
Wait the girl who bullied me in high school is an RN now
i'm not gonna show you the facts and the evidence because i'm fh fUcking years old. and i'm not gonna sit down and make a video with screenshots exposing my BULLIES. these are BULLIES. these are high school fUcking BULLIES
A girl in the Mankhurd region of Mumbai was bullied by Muslim residents for raising her voice against the blaring of azaan in high volume from a neighbourhood mosque in her area.
the people who are the mean comments makers are friends of yours i think or i think they are pretending! you migh… — it’s weird as hell being friends with someone u don’t like mf just block me. acting like a high school bully i th…
LOL! Someone on Twitter posted a while back that they don’t care to see pics of their high school bully’s vacation!
Don't let these toxic trolls get to you man. There is a reason they don't show themselves. They got bullied in high school so they make fake accounts to troll people. If you trust your girl then who cares man thats your guys business no one else is in that relationship.
How can The People help him? Schools have deep pockets. Portland Attorney Tom Booth in SW. He almost represented me when the lesbian bullies at Portland 911 made my life hell there. But this curvy white redhead Christian lady was not a protected class. I miss that job so much.
This girl on fb is always complaining and while I feel bad for her she bullied me in high school so
Why is it cool that girls are putting slits in their eyebrows now but when I did it in high school I got bullied
there was this girl who cyber bullied me in high school and she just followed me on IG... LIKE NO. GOODBYE.
y’all really wanna know what character development is? I’m getting closer with this girl that relentlessly bullied me in high school and was known as a bitch by literally the entire town. she’s changed a lot and she’s actually super dope. oh, I also had a crush on her.
When the mean girls that bullied me from high school reproduce it really scares me
i was bullied in primary school for having no friends (THANKS AUTISM) and being fat and having acne since like, around 10 yrs old. then in early high school i was bullied because a girl thought i was a lesbian and also didnt like me for some reason?
bully for you then I guess. Nice to meet someone who loved law school but hated the darn bar exam.
The same girls that bullied me and many others throughout high school are now preaching ‘girls should support girls’. Did you forget about that when you would comment this on my Instagram pictures? You made high school an unhappy place for so many people, do not forget that.
i know it’s bad if you hold a grudge and you’d think maybe people change but i will never forgive the group of girls who bullied my best friend for months back in high school.
sounds like you bullied girls in high school ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
dude my friends and I used to be relentlessly bullied in middle school/high school for being LGBT and tell me why I was surprised when I found out those girls who bullied me were all gay as hell
im getting bullied on tiktok bc a girl with a high following took my whole video bye.
Kids don’t have stability in school. It’s a hotbed for bullies and indoctrination to anti America rhetoric! There is nothing healthy about the INSTITUTIONALIZATION of young children disguised as education.
i think the reason the Yes Queen Yes Mama James Charles Jeffree Star male gays annoy me so much is because they’re just the genderflipped version of girls who would’ve bullied me in high school like they’re the Exact Same
Assumed gay (I mean they were right but I didn’t know at the time), high pitched voice, being skinny, short, and always wanting to talk to girls more than boys because boys generally bullied and didn’t want to talk about anything except cars.
it’s the way he talked about twitter as if it’s a high school bully for me
i saw a girl at wegmans today who bullied the shit out of me in high school and it was lovely to see her looking miserable
Many reasons. Primarily the country doesnt have independent economy. They are dependent on larger ones. Also u can bully citizens to send children to school and go to work but u cannot bully people to spend money and keep the economy going..
Real World: Bad Blood but don’t watch it, that season sucked. It had a twist where like halfway thru their “bad blood” moved in. And apparently miss Kim bullied this one girl in high school. But she was barely on the show like she got zero screen time
The girl that bullied you in high school really be hittin you up when she needs peaches for her animal crossing island SMH
As reported today in the ultra-liberal TB Times: 1 out of 10 girls in Florida’s middle &amp; high schools reported being raped and 2 out of 3 reported being bullied...&amp; the report goes on with more disturbing data. Make no mistake, this result is largely due to the Liberal agenda.
it's like a high school bully, making fun of the unpopular girl because she's internally jealous of her
These were the type of girls that bullied me in high school lmao
My middle school bullies seeing me in the hallway
if this were high school i’d bully tf outta her
A girl in my school district was being bullied so she put her period blood in cupcakes and gave them to her bullies (it didn’t happen at my high school but it was nearby in our district)
so i missed alot of school days and events and stuff so its was probably like "that girl is pointless, she just is sick all the time. and was bullied in jr high gym for not shaving even tho i wasn't hairy and for being flat and not wearing a bra and was considered gross
MY HIGH SCHOOL AP GOV TEACHER LIKED MY FACEBOOK STATUS ENCOURAGING PEOPLE TO BULLY NERDS WHO GROW UP TO BE CEO’S I AM SCREAMING
He have the wit of a school yard bully #WhyIDontLikeTrump
I love seeing the girls in high school that were bullied for being the “high school hoes” live their best life. You go sis!!!!
Y’all got bullied by the mean girls in high school I got bullied by my mom, we ain’t the same!!!
George something or other, 10th grade history teacher at Thibodaux High school, he was ignorant, a bully, and mean!
The reason children are failing in schools if Bc some of the teachers are incompetent unprofessional and hate children.Curriculum is not being taught.Kids have no self control they bully teachers.Never taught any Caucasian children ever.Not one. No learning going on.
Dreams were getting worse and my dad kept beating us every night. Teachers called me hopeless, Girls at school stayed away from me. Men at school bullied me. I thought I just had to crawl out of Jr. High I kept telling myself everything was okay and normal and I'm just dramatic.
All through high school I was called fat and made to feel that no man would love me. WELLLL now I gotta hot man whose priority it is to take care of his family and love us unconditionally. Not bad for a girl who was bullied through high school
LMAO IS THAT WHY YOU PUT HER ON THE LIST OF GIRLS YOU THINK WOULDVE BULLIED YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL
my brother still got his head stuck in my mums cooter fr they literally gossip n talk shit about me like high school bullies over the dumbest shit
Omg. I was a super skinny short girl picked on through elementary! Super nerdy with straight A's. Then in high school, still skinny &amp; nerdy, I learned to stand up for myself. A few arguments and fights later, no one bullied me again. I can relate!
A LONG time ago, some school bullies were chasing me, and they caught me. I couldn't run fast enough away from them. When they started beating me, I literally cried out for mercy. They ignored me. It was a milestone in my life. I now knew that some people were like animals.
Its obvious now we need to use parts of the school budget to give these racist bullies opportunities like paid trips to a theme park or sports events. This is in no way rewarding racist bullying as they have to receive an apology from the victim first.
Realizing how my middle school bullies really taught me crisis and brand management at such an early age
Bro tell me why I go to a coffee shop and see all the girls who bullied me in high school working on homework? Can’t catch me here on a Sunday ever again
Being born & particularly raised in Africa. Attending American public high school just be be bullied by the African Americans girls/boys upsets me to find out Umar Johnson is using Africa as a way to get popular in the black community. I don't like it, and it just doesn't sit
either cus they're just genuinely mean, or because of peer pressure and not wanting to seem "uncool" by their friends, at least that was my experience while being bullied in middle school, had a girl be "secretly friends" with me because she didn't want her friends to bully her
A high school friend insisted on calling it Bully Butt, and it's hard for me to even say the actual title without snickering even now.
If I had time traveled from now to my high school self and said “hey, you’re a girl,” high school me would’ve been like, “hey fuck off I’ve been bullied enough today. Next you’ll be telling me I’m gay.”
indie now means to me the music the got you beat up in high school, which has now been adopted by the now middle aged bullies on their weekly shopping trips to Tesco.
Hey guys it's me the girl who bullied you in high school I'm now selling my very own virgin human hair bundles on here &amp; ig! Help me out and I will hook you &amp; your friends/family up, just RT this post to get a 25% off coupon code + free shipping on your first order!
Carrie (1974) Dir: Brian De Palma An unpopular friendless misfit and bullied high-school girl from an abusive religious household who uses her newly discovered telekinetic powers to exact revenge on those who torment her.
I think you must've been the one bullied in high school. I would've bullied you too, me and the girls you're disgusting
Being the new kid, for being Asian, and ESPECIALLY MY LUNCHES. I also got bullied because I was outcasted to sit at the “girls section” so I sat at the “guys section” and ended up just being laughed at. For everyone who bullied me in elementary to high school, fuck you.
as much as I should be happy to see this girl finally be exposed for her true colors. high school you hurt, verbally bullied, socially humiliated, made up rumors to ruin reputations, or friendships, &amp;called us all peasants.. I’m actually just happy u said you’re from Cali&amp; not FL
A girl gave cupcakes to her bullies with semen and pubic hair in them, we had a “fight week” the week before thanksgiving break where multiple fights broke out everyday within the week, the school mascot put on a Speedo with the mascot head and ran down the halls during class
Watching the girls who bullied me relentlessly in high school preach about mental health awareness makes me laugh. Fuck off you hypocritical cunts
people who never got over being bullied in high school are mad that there’s like 4 girls on tik tok who are nurses that seem mean. meanwhile almost every nurse i know in person is cleaning up shit off of people and being called a bitch while they make 1/15th a doctors salary lol
Was never bullied in high school, but middle school (6th grade) apparently I was a stalker. Remembered the name of the girl who started it the rumor too.
Just saw the girl from high school who got bullied for a year on http://Ask.fm for bleaching her butthole
Reminds me of the bully Conley joke about the odd kid with the school bag, getting pushed out the door. Spends the rest of the day stumbling forward with his arms behind him.
This is like the school bully crying because someone fought back
*runs into the girl who cyber bullied me in high school and flirted with my now-fiancé (who’s with me)* Me:
I was bullied for basically everything, then it all ramped up after I was suspended from school for self defence. Bullied because I played a "girls" sport and not rugby league. Bullied because I ranked high in practical subjects and the list goes on
my bullies these are high school fucking bullies !
I remember when I was bullied in middle school and again in high school. And yes I still remember the white bitches who did it. I just hope you’ve all got a taste of karma cause you bitches deserve it. I was always that shy girl who was afraid to come forward and do something
Grownups don't apologize to scumbag bullies who don't respect the foundational principles of human liberty. That school should apologize for creating an oppressive and intellectually and socially poisonous culture on their campus.
amber is a high school bully high school fucking bully
15. i was bullied off the ultimate team in high school bc i was short + a girl :') 16. ive never left the province and ive never been more than a 6 hr drive away from home 17. i have REALLY BAD eyesight and ive been wearing glasses since the 4th grade
I got bullied everyday. AND I MEAN EVERYDAY. These girls would make fun of everything I did. Throw ice and food at me. But when I retaliated, my mom whooped me and I got in trouble in high school.
Imagine coming on twitter and trying to own someone by telling them they would bully you in middle school. . .
Just found videos of me aged 4! My sisters bullied me and I was round! Cute
Tell me why you look like every girl that gets bullied in an American high school movie
Hard tti believe for new cause it was mostly girls who bullied me and it wasn't even like middle school, it was like when I was in high school mostly so it still hurts
my brothers girlfriend reminds me of the bitches i used to bully in high school
It's weird how many are near identical. They type only in lower case to make themselves look more childlike. And under the immature ' uwu ' anime-loving/K-pop obsessed/etc. facade, they're bitter and nasty like school bullies... at the same time as playing victim.
William Barr was a school bully at private school in NY, and his expression here shows his disregard for truth and the Congress of the United States. Throw him and the rest out.
This one girl who used to bully me and call me gay in elementary school ended up being lesbian
A few months ago a girl who bullied me in high school sent me a message saying I bullied her in high school I was so confused so I had to verify with my other high school friends. I was this close to apologising to her for what she did to me ayas zvakaoma
Boris Johnson seems to be intoxicated by the discovery that many voters - analogous to the playground disciples of the school bully - love the authoritarian nanny state. They get to share the dubious pleasure of the closet sadist.
And not the parents that raise the bullies? It's the parents that should raise their children NOT to bully someone who is different than them. I was bullied in middle school. By the time I was in high school, I was the one who stood up to them when they bullied others!
it's really true homophobic girls that bullied you in high school only grow up to be one of 2 things, nurses or pyramid scheme or peddlers
This so called president has shown again that he is a rasist he refused to pay his respect to John Lewis shameful but what can you expect from a grade school rasist bully president
I was a 6 foot tall girl in high school. I was also an androgynous looking closeted gay kid. I wonder which one I got bullied for...
There’s this guy I used to bully in middle school &amp; I wanna find him so bad &amp; apologize for being a piece of shit
All the white girls that bullied you in high school are now Jeffree Star apologists
My first name is Hunter and I’m a girl and I was bullied for it all the way through middle school, but I think my sophomore year in high school is when I finally embraced having a unique name!
I was bullied a lot but I only had this specific thing when I was in high school with a lot of kids from a rich district and one time this girl was talking to me like you'd talk down to a small kid and I didn't understand why bc I've always acted even more mature than my age
The fact that the #AbLeg has become a ground for bullies shows just how lame the @UCPCaucus is. If this were to happen in school, you would be suspended. Laugh now, it's an act of desperation when you degrade others! Not nice! This is attracting who to invest in ethical oil?
I used to do this and some girl at school kept saying my hair looked nasty and greasy so I invited her over to my house to bully her and she cried and went home LMAO
GYM (I knew but he wouldn't let me watch) Jordan still has yet to answer for his failure to report the sexual abuse of athletes under his charge. Despite his juvenile middle school bully persona, (or maybe because of it) he is now the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee.
Top ones overpaid bullies. Lower paid, cowardly fascists? Possibly. Few old school left.
@tweetsof_yekaaa @MRLEELHB. Who you tryna clown you act like knew yo age wtf EAT A DICK #SWERVE YOU STILL RIDING SCHOOL BUSSES BITCH
Just thinkin’ it’s kind of funny how the girls who bullied me or others for being a little chubby back in middle/high school now look like the very girls they bullied... maybe you should’ve minded your own business
Why is it that if a man says he had sex with a girl no one questions the validity, but rather, he is high fived and congratulated? But, when a woman says a man had sex with her she is bullied into silence and called a whore. PS suck iT Jake...
"This" is bullies beating up someone much smaller than them. They're the same bullies they were in school. One of my sisters knew someone who was joining the cops just to "bust some heads" He broke his knee before he could do so, and never became a cop.
Hey Luca, I was bullied at school too for being bright and different. Most of the bullies didn’t get very far in life. All of them were weak, stupid, inadequate or unhappy in some way. Remember that and remember you have a dad who loves you and is looking out for you.
It’s just wild to me that all these girls who bullied me in high school are in my DMs ask me about either beach body/“make money on social” pyramid schemes.
ITS BECAUSE HE LOOKS MY HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES THATS WHY i’ve just never found him that appealing otherwise
A kid that used to bully me in middle school commented on a pic I posted asking who could get me a hair look for my wedding saying “god”
When you acccidneltt get high and call a girl gorgeous on bumble and then realize that she’s actually this horrible person who bullied me in high school help me
I got bullied severely by these girls who I thought were my friends in high school and she basically told me not to take people for face value
was trying to type my last name and accidentally put fat ho (fatho) instead of fargo and realized middle school bullies missed out on an incredible opportunity
when girls from high school still think I am phased by them yeah, u bullied me for years, but I can assure u, u don’t cross my mind bc I fought hard as hell to make sure I ain’t got that kinda toxicity in my life. I have the best friends &amp; family, no room for u in my thoughts.
LOVE scrolling by a photo on Instagram of all the girls who bullied me in high school sitting a millimeter apart at forty thieves
Sorry if I don’t have much trust towards people like you and her— you’re practically the spitting image of all the high school bullies I fucking dealt with..
Not just your personality. Your lies You taking Putin's word over your own intelligence agencies You sending an accused child sex-trafficker your best wishes You calling racists "Very Fine People" You calling people other names and talking trash about them like a school bully
Cw transphobia for some reason am awake and was scrolling thru the Venmo feed and noticed some girls from my high school that I was “friends “ w/ bullied me like make fun of me and my girlfriend based off my Instagram in their Venmo comments lol. Fucking transphobes
come barista with me they just hired a girl who bullied me in middle school and high school and my favorite coworker is on vacation :(
5 Facts 1. I was bullied in high school for being a weeb. 2. I eat chicken at least 3 nights per week. 3. I have a University degree but have no desire to work in that field. 4. I've struggled with asthma my whole life. 5. I'll scream like a girl if a spider sneaks up on me.
I also had a school bus driver that didnt allow bullies. We had one kid who tried starting a fight on the bus. The driver pulled over and tossed him out, he had to walk about 30 minutes to get home. But it solved the problem. Alot of things of old days would be child abuse now
the girl who bullied me when i came out denied it &amp; was like “i wouldn’t do that i’m not homophobic i love all people and am always kind” &amp; she brought this dude be nice campaign to our high school&amp; i think i still have some rage tbh
What the fuck #CanadaDragRace - why the hell were the judges so mean this last episode? Talk about high school bully fantasy, Queen.
Im always happy in school and miserabld at home. I dont interact much and ignore negative comments. I have a few friends and yeah. Ive had friends use me for money and i switched schools after that. Ive had people who would be much older than me and bully me for no reason
She is all kind and soft, but she has zero tolerance for bullies, at school she kinda got into fights a lot, but always for a good cause Once when she was about 8yo Werner took her out during the night as he gave her roller skates as a bday gift and she was eager to try them.
I got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents that I was getting bullied so we moved #relatable #highschool @BarackObama
Ok...stop it. I was that girl that was made fun of relentlessly. Bullied from 1st grade to my sophomore year in high school. Then I just got badass friends that would fuck anyone up for me. Please go back to posts I can be sarcastic to. I'm in my head enough.
yeah if y’all ever catch me in this, help cause there’s something wrong lmfaoooo I would NEVER put on this “I’m a straight A’d white girl who bullied all the weird kids in middle n high school” outfit omfg
Don't worry schools have "his" back, they are shit hot on blaming and suspending bullies, he will have access to the girls' changing rooms from day one because he'll identify as something other than male. How proud mom must be.
Why did I let myself get bullied in high school by girls who followed the Common White Girl and Dory accounts and retweeted every tired joke
And this is your condescending high brow crapping on people giving their all for Sushant. No wonder you bully jibed me. Go back to school and get Education again. Shame on your cold.
To all you bitches that bullied me in jr. high, how does it feel to get pregnant in/ right after high school and everyone saw it coming because you were one of those girls?
Hey Luca, get yr dad to find you a karate boxing or judo teacher & the bullies will soon stop. My daughter was bullied &amp; her school did nothing when i told them so she got lessons &amp; bullying stopped as soon as she hit back. It may not be what people want to hear but it works.
sometimes I think I’m over being that little bullied girl from middle and high school but then I sit next to my classmates or coworkers and they ignore me and makes me feel bad and small all over again
Tragedy: Rebecca black forced to drop out of school because of bullying.
this is the uniform of the girls who bullied me in high school
Kinda sick of seeing the same girls who bullied me in high school on my fyp
These girls are the bitchiest girls in Bachelor history, they straight up bullied Alayah out of the house &amp; forced Peter to send her home. Yall wouldn’t last a DAY at Our Lady of Mercy high school. No cap. #bachelor
Nope biggest mistake ever . 4 year college degree mandatory . Brute force bullies with low IQ will get us nowhere . If they are vets that's a plus but bachelors degree a must. Why should we be policed by pre college drop outs high school bullies ?
@realDonaldTrump hold the line, you are all that stands in the way of the School bullies and our lunches. Don't let the sucker you like Bush, McCain, and Romney.
this is dedicated to all of the girls in high school who bullied me for liking pink and cute things who are now e-girls on twitter with hello kitty avatars
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7ny.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/ via @ABC7NY
Amanza is a babe. Romain is an absolute snooze, except when he’s being savage. Christine is the worst, but in an amazing evil queen way. Heather is the worst in a pretty-school-bully way. Davina is the worst in every way, and WHY IS SHE ALWAYS WEARING THE WRONG THING.
My school bully was the DOUBLE of Junior 2 in this picture (even down to the sub-Deliverance inbred smile/sneer). For me, genuinely creepy.
playing a stupid mobage and the anime girls here are so mean i cant believe im getting bullied by high school girls again
⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀ i’m just saying, it blows my mind that a 3rd year in high school still thinks is okay to bully an underclassmen for something that happened in the past. he learned from his mistakes and he came + ⠀⠀⠀
"A mayor will need to roll up their sleeves and get into the weeds of how to make these things work. It means investment. It means using the bully pulpit and being a champion of trisector solutions for young people." –Saskia Traill https://buff.ly/32WztMn @expand_school
girls like this needed to be bullied in high school, i say this bc half of my high school thinks and “believes” stupid shit like this LOL just say ur racist and move on
In middle/high school I was bullied by girls so believed love wasn’t for me. I had crushes on many of my female teachers but lied to myself that it was only admiration. As I had my own laptop I watched the L word as well as films with (bad) lesbian representation.
That’s because public schools are maligned as raising bad kids. If you eliminate all choice and only provide public schooling, you’d be surprised how many bullies come from white wealthy families.
these girls bullied other girls in high school i just know it
BULLY! HIGH SCHOOL FUCKIN BULLY
School closures haven’t stopped #bullies. Take for example this recent recorded incident on a school’s football field where a number of girls brutally gang up on another girl. Sadly, many school districts don’t take responsibility to end #bullying https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hv-hG7r_N0&amp;fbclid=IwAR2IL92GU_C7Qv91_mJ3hohlN8rU_Xq6Up7YFcv_mSbHOwIOkR7KgYu-jEg
a girl named mai bullied me in high school lmaooo
My old primary school bully liked my TikTok How ya doing
Every few days I’m reminded that the religious girl who bullied me for being bisexual in high school is now an anti-bullying advocate no way all of the homophobia is gone by now
u might know koe no katachi as a silent voice. ion wanna spoil too much but the premise is essentially how a deaf girl transfers to a new school and is straight up bullied for it &amp; fast forward to high school, the bully is kind of the outcast now and he tries to make up for+
not all nurses are the mean white girls that bullied you in high school, but all of the mean white girls that bullied you in high school are nurses
Social media is like a continuation of high school for bullies who never got their fill of doling out cruelty. At least if you could go back as a teen you could destroy them and not go to jail for it.
Cortez a hate crime against all men - feminist misandry from gold digger Cortez: She acts like a cry baby in the school yard, blaming the bully boy, using lies promoting herself &amp; motivating bias against the boy-this is an attack on all boys @POTUS @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerPelosi
It’s always well ‘my bully in school drove me to suicide’ or ‘when I tell someone to kys’ like these paper dolls are not real what do two anime characters have to do with your fucked up bully and/or you being a fucked up bully.
Yesterday I listened to Trump speak.. I mean really listened... Listenned to Hannity, Tucker Carlson Stephen Miller....So I have a few questions.. When did America become 2 seperate countries? Does anyone else feel like they went back to grade school an its bullies vs average kid
A little over halfway through Worlds Worst Parents. In the story just read, a kid is starting school where his mum teaches. Mum is excited. Kid says "can we pretend we're not related", breaks mums heart then gets bullied. Teachermum stops bullies. Yeah what a TERRIBLE parent.
not my high school making a post about black lives matter like they gave a fuck when i was getting bullied so bad i had to put the paws on this one girl and i STILL got punished for it lmao
I was bullied in primary and secondary high school. At the end of primary the girls have apologized to me but I will never forgive them but I have moved on and I never need to see them again...
I WISH you guys would abduct me. Be a lot cooler than this hellscape.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/ via @abc7
im always getting bullied by children on royale high because they think im a boy dressed as a girl
I identify... I was bullied out of high school in 9th grade. I was threatened with violence on a daily basis; mean girls who were jealous that he loved me... (Me &amp; the Coolest Dude On the Planet just celebrated the 33rd anniversary of our first date...)
Alex keeps sending me girls pictures and saying I look better than them (which i know), but forgets no one fucks with me cause I "bullied" everyone IN HIGH SCHOOL lmfao
PLSSS she dragged JUSTIN BIEBER you’re acting like she’s a high school bully
New Study: High School Bigots And Bullies Emboldened By Trump
Lastly The crazy religious freak, Simboryo Girl who just made her second sequel for giving me nightmare. Sorry ka ghorl! May plano na ko nun LAST 2017: 5 guys in my high school forced me to strip naked infront of them, and when I luckily get away. They bullied me on social media
I see a lot of "people with small boobs are privileged. stop complaining." I was heavily bullied in high school for being flat-chested. Luckily, I've never cared about being a "real girl" because I'm not one. Cis girls still have to deal with the insecurity.
Not only hold that person down, but notice the goon jamming the baton into the ribs, making that person gasp and take in more gas. Did these folks train in terrorist schools? Or are these home grown bullies, doing whatever they like to inflict pain?
UM SO PEOPLE ON TIKTOK ARE LITERALLY SUPER NICE (I saw a video saying share if your not ready to go back to school or whatever and I commented I’m not prepared to be hated by my whole school because I “bullied” my bullies back and the person who made it asked for their @‘s :). )
The "Real Donald Trump" is not real at all. He is an overgrown under-brained School Yard Bully peddling his "bullishness" on America and much of the world. In less than 100 days, God willing, he will be gone from our lives --We hope and pray.
I was even in a fair few fights with fellow pupils myself. It was the kind of school that you had to choose to be a hammer or a nail. Couldn't back down or you'd become a victim and life would've been unbearable. Saw quite a lot of girls become the bullies punchbag
Gender criticals are the girls in high school who bullied other cis girls for being too masculine or something in appearance and now they think they're feminist somehow for doing it now lol
These are the girls who bullied me in high school
No argument is that they should be allowed to, because by using the girls bathroom they’re less likely to be bullied. Which of course is a BS argument. As anyone who’s been to high school knows
I'll send her to school and fight off all the bullies and give her head pats go away -3-
nah my therapist is cool but my general doctor kinda looks and acts like a girl who woulda bullied me in high school lmao. i'll have to tell her about it if i get approved bc she does drug tests so
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc11.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/
high school. I know everyone has insecurities and all but biiiitch I don’t remember u being bullied. You were even one of those “it” girls and I can even remember you joining the squad of those who bullied me (they even have a name for their squad lol). Y’all called me names in —
you are correct, I think people need to start when they are little telling them how intelligent they are and build them up, but then you get to school and bullies, and boys. It is like dominoes
The same girls that *tried* to bully me in high school for my natural hair finally done stopped hating themselves long enough to appreciate their own crown. Good for you sis
One time this girl tried to bully me in 5th grade. Then I gave her a horrible nick name (I can’t remember it rn) and the whole class called her that for a whole year. She had the nerve to bring her mom to the school and say I was bullying her. Was I wrong???
I was the one being bullied in high school and am a nurse. However the girl who bullied me hard is also a nurse. Lol
I remember one time she talked about getting permission from her therapist to talk on twitter about how she hated taylor swift because she made sady think about girls who bullied her in high school
I've gone through your Twitter and you're nothing more than an angry High School bully with too much power. The protestors are using their 1st amendment rights, being silenced, attacked with weapons that are a war crime, and Ted Wheeler just saw who is truly escalating things.
the girl in tall girl got bullied for being tall but not by high schoolers, she got bullied by some toad of a “dance mom”
bully’s high school fucking bully’s
Also cos I was quiet (aka social anxiety lol). And some girls in high school bullied me for my nice marks, boo sorry jealous btch. The only thing it's weird I wasn't bully for was the glasses, tho.
I remember in high school I would hear rumors about girls being sexually assaulted and instead of shaming the dude, the girl was shamed and harassed and bullied.
going to a new school this august and just found out from my friend that goes there his grade has a plan to bully every new student so i’m letting my homies know and we’re coming up with a plan
This guy reminds me of the psycho gym teacher in every comedy movie set in high school, the gym teacher is a psychotic bully but not too bright.
One of the girls that bullied me in high school just popped up on my tinder :/// Think we’ll match??
Fault for letting it go that far in the first place, not the victim not the bullies but the schools and they're the ones that should pay but the killings of the bullies.
I guess the people who already shot up their bullies in school before this incident get to go free because they were rude to them in the first place! Seriously, just because it has a stigma on it doesn’t mean people get to be excused from their heinous crimes.
Royale high is a toxic place now for you. It’s true I was harassed and followed into games by three girls they bullied me for a few hours until I stopped play Royale High
These *men are the bullies in our school who grew up to get paid to bully &amp; kill with impunity.
I lost my front teeth when I was around 6 ke bala 2 this girl would put her finger in my mouth and say ke mo lome ka lisene bc it tickles her if I didn't she'd beat me. We went to the same high school and I bullied her for 5 years straight because of that. Not proud tho
During the Clinton impeachment in 1998 I was 12 yrs old and got to intern for a state senator. I sorted mail and typed letters to constituents about why the senator couldn’t fix their air conditioner. Middle school is hard for everyone, but the bullies were unrelenting that year.
Why is it the people you were NOT friends with in high school who were mean to you or even bullied you are the first ones running up like “Oh hey, girl!” Tf? Last I saw you we were not friends and we remain not friends today.
Maire. These need to be normalised so bad. People in my school are literally outcasted just for having crooked/ slightly large noses, or crooked teeth and it’s really sad that their outcasted for something they can’t help. I’d get it if they were bullies or bad people (1)
Dying my hair, my guy friends, how I dressed, my voice/laugh, my interests, and jealous girls once I got with J. I was bullied A LOT and finished both middle school and high school in home hospital (homeschool through the schools with a doctor's request).
this is the reason i go to school and i proceed to either get bullied or bully jess
The girl who bullied you in high school
I know I shouldn’t let my hater bother me. But when she’s my bully in school, it hurts painfully.
one time my cousin told me the story about how these girls wanted to jump her because she was pretty. She didn't say pretty, but it was because she was/is pretty. And she was a quiet girl in high school being bullied, and she beat that bitch's ass
RNC cancelled bec everyone too sick 2 attend!!!! He can do it on the internet and we can all watch him make a fool of himself! Would love that! There is no way he is going to bully us to send kids 2 school!
The opposite happened to me in middle school Well it turned out that in a decade I got interested in converting But I’m still denying those assholes the right to be right about me being Jewish so they could bully me
i’m so used to food service and now i’m doing reception at a wax place with a bunch of girls who would’ve bullied me in high school LOL
The media should do anything possible to bully these AD's and schools into canceling the Fall sports, all growing evidence sports can be played and safely be damned!
Those #TrumpGestapo should be charged with child endangerment. These thugs were the playground bullies in elementary school.
I don’t care about your high school bully :) good on him
I think she bullied a girl in high school or something and then liked a bunch of anti zigi tweets I think lol
People who went to high school with Tyra have already said she was a bully, Tyra HERSELF admitted to bullying girls in her high school because she got bullied in elementary so she makes a show where she can LEGALLY bully other young men and women and essentially hurt their-
Are you gonna apologise how you, @afarwen and your gang of bullies abused a cousin of mine and almost drove him to suicide during your time at Muhibbudhin school? All thanks to you people, he’s still in therapy. I hope he has the courage to speak up. It’s his story to tell.
POV: you’re a nerd, kicked to the ground, and the school bullies want their lunch money
Trump is like that one school bully that just wants to f*CK with you all day
not me, seeing the girl that relentlessly bullied and used me in high school begging for money on twitter everyday even though she wastes most of her money on weed. i love to see it
I remember in middle school I would “bully” (tease) some dude and the teacher would too lmao.
I would pay, and I do mean pay, money to see the two of you debate Kudlow. It would be like watching Mike Tyson having a boxing match with a bully from High School.
I recently got to know that the girl who heavily bullied me during high school still shit talks about me at her local university. And I said to the mediator who brought the news to me: Dogs keep barking but that does not stop the car from moving. And that’s how I knew that I won.
I just feel like she bullied girls in high school for liking anime then turned around and made it her aesthetic
I keep seeing these videos about Sydney and I’m just.... are people not aware that you can do a pageant and still get bullied? You can be the freaking homecoming queen and still be bullied by “friends” every day. Y’all already know high school girls are mean
RIGHT lol. it’s terrible that I’m finally JUST now loving my body again & back to the confident girl I was before I was forced to attend hell aka Falcon high school lol. I’m seriously noticing a pattern, they only bullied the pretty girls or guys that didn’t eat up their BS
Nothing like seeing my old grade school bully on social media expounding covid/mask "truth" about it being a hoax and teachers being selfish. Nice to see hes grown up into exactly what he was in grade school.
@mdna U are a ratchet old hasbeen. Ur so ghetto my dog than class than u do! U old saltine cracka!
i feel so bad for you i mean there were bullies in my school but at least they didn't bite me
I hear you on that! When you’re a teenager. You don’t want to be cooped up with a bunch of people, that are judging you. You want to be out enjoying your life! I hated school, and always skipped out on classes. Especially classes I knew had bullies. I was that weird kid, that (1)
These are high school bullies
dude i always thought i was gonna like... get bullied in high school like the mean girls in high school movies turns out movies and tv shows lied about the High School Experience
I'm not sure what to say about this. I'm about to go to high school but here's the drill: I'm usually the one that's getting bullied, I have never tried to get girls "wrong" (actually at all yet), and that thing with immaturity is only because I'm childish at times. So...
' yall mf so aggy man, always comparing cc to yall shitty ass school leave us tf alone WE ain't saying sh.t about yall.
The girl who bullied me in high school is friends with my mom on Facebook, that’s some audacity.
Then cancel your twitter account. You love it when someone says something good. You are a whiny grade school bully. Cries when anyone stands up to you
Is there some sort of lobotomy that parents undergo around 8 months into a pregnancy? ALWAYS run a name past an objective but creative third party! No matter how many rules against bullying schools make, the playgrounds &amp; hallways will be the same. Don't set a kid up for bullies.
1. I don't. 2. I don't think OA was saying schools cause racism, rather that by bringing kids together, some of whom enjoy bullying, &amp; not taking effective measures to prevent it, bullying (some of which will be racist, because it is hurtful which is aim of bully) will increase.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc13.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/ via @ABC13Houston
this is horrible! one of my best friends is a boy who dresses up as a girl in royale high, but i’ve never seen him get bullied like this. hope eli knows we are giving him all our love. ♡︎♡︎♡︎
Hell no honestly, & well it was just weird bc girls &amp; ppl that bullied me suddenly acted nice to me &amp; acted as if literally nothing happened at all when it was later on in high school like what
The total girl next door type who bullied you in high school is SO hard to resist. What are you waiting for, dipshit. Pay your high school bully. #catfishfindom #catfishfetish #catfishbrat #scamFetish #ripofffetish #ripoffkink @retweet4catfish @RetweetCatfish @catfish_rt
I’m at a high school soccer game watching @mattmurphy64 ref and I’m so triggered. Every time a pretty girl walks by I’m scared I’m about to get bullied
just saw the girl who bullied me in high school on hinge. deleting the app again.
all of my middle school bullies are now either pregnant or ugly
The Christian Girls Who Bullied Me in High School
ah so this is one of the girls that bullied me in high school bc i was “emo” and now that it’s the cool thing to be they try to fit in fuck off
COVID skyrocketing in the US and we’re STILL talking about sending kids back to school. This country’s insane. But, hey, the past four years have only confirmed it. -_-
So about a year ago I met this guy at school and he told me about how he was bullied all through high school and he didn’t really have much friends. Today I saw my boy got himself a girl a KING
Copy that! Talk about a flip flop. And school yard bully.
It feels like a deep seeded reason as to why most fans seem to hate blondes. Like they remind them of the pretty girl that rejected them in high school (guys) or bullied them (girls) so they always wanna see the blonde fail no matter who it is. That’s how it comes off to me
YES GOD I got bullied a lot in middle and high school because straight girls assumed I was going to try to molest them, and now I'm 26 and get uncomfortable talking to literally any woman including friends because I'm terrified they'll assume I'm a predator.
Rebecca seems the type to have bullied girls in high school then preach mental health awareness #LoveIsland
she is so funny but i have trouble watching her videos sometimes bc she looks like a girl who bullied me relentlessly my junior year of high school im-
You're good lol and I feel you. What I wanted to say was, As a dark skin woman who has been bullied about my skin my ENTIRE childhood til I entered high-school by light skin girls I feel like sis needs to reevaluate. I'm happy people are finally seeing us as beautiful (why
Draya doesn't get her ass beat up enough & it shows. That light bright in high school who complains the dark skinned Blk girls bullied her ass headass bitch.
They weak as fuck They let people bully them and don’t do or say shit but come light the school up Couldn’t be me
I feel extremely sad for students who are in environments where they don’t feel comfortable to move. It’s a real failure if it’s directly caused by teacher input. Your point about bullies - a school cultural issue not just an in PE lesson one?
This guy I went to high school with posted on Facebook “who knew evil girls have the prettiest face” and I almost commented those of us who were bullied by them in high school lmao tf
Hi Luca, I’m sorry you are going through a difficult time at school. My son did too. I want to tell you that he survived it. He realised that he was stronger than them. U can be strong too. Remember one thing. Bullies are weak people. That’s it Luca, they are weak. U are strong.
thinking about how every girl who bullied me throughout middle &amp; high school has kids now... no fucking thanks
looking back at high school it was really only the bullies and sheeps that hated me which is actually such a flex
They aren’t ready for bully ball lmao we bouta play old school
So many people I went to school with act like they grew up not being the bullies.. At least I’m running my own company, working a full time job, and raising my son all with 1 year of college. And I’m debt free. Damn.
And let’s talk about how a lot of stan twitter insults are about coolness in high school or mean girl equse things ‘sits in the toilets at lunch’ ‘gets bullied at school’ yeah that happens to a lot of people especially people who find a safe space in fandom
you know that tiktok trend where people post what their school bullies look like now? i looked mine up and she’s an AMBASSADOR FOR THE YOUTH UN???? WHAT KIND OF SICK JOKE???? LITERALLY PART OF THE REASON I SLIT MY WRISTS ANd STARVED MYSELF LMAOOOOO
Take a step back and consider it objectively. Liberals, like bullies on the school yard, end up limited to one tool.. intimidation. Be wise. Aikido uses the force of your opponents energy against itself, but not reacting to it. These guy just dox the DHS acting director. #Breathe
Joe Rogan fuck you video game save my life when i was geting bully in school about my a.d.d and mental disability and now way the world is people kill humanity im sick of this shit
listen last time i played this was in middle school million years ago i can give him a chance now but i cant promise i wont bully him even more if it wont work
Because democracy doesn't care about your opinion. Stop trying to bully votes. It's as lame as primary school politics.
all the girls from high school who bullied me for liking 1d really wanna put the harry album cover on their story huh
It's the same as zero tolerance for violence in school. Bullies can hide behind a veneer of no violence and still torment the victim. The victim otoh is often forced to use physical force to stand up for himself, yet the system will strike down hard on him.
Why do you care? It has nothing to do with you! You are a mom of two girls! Be a role model not some stupid middle school bully!
I was bullied...chased home, jumped by some girls in high school. Ended up whipping the one that provoked the bullying ass. They all left me alone after that. Not the right way to end bullying but it helped me. They’re all losers now. #karma
we pretty much don't know anything about ryan outside of his grief, tibo and nvq... and we know nothing about graham before grace meanwhile for yaz, we know of: five individual family members, career and her boss, school bully + struggles w mental health, her aspirations
My 13 yo daughter has had so much trouble at school, being left out, bullied and the final straw she was jumped by 6 girls on high street of town we live in. Thankfully a passing cyclist stopped it. Rarely goes out her room now. Hope things get better for you daughter
when bullies from high school just try to treat people with kindess bc it’s trendy
You can tell all these guys were huge bullies in school
I bullied a girl quite badly in high school. In hindsight my behaviour was pretty textbook - desperately insecure kid who was bullied myself, bullying a smaller kid to hide my fear &amp; feel powerful. I've felt awful for 30 years. I looked her up and apologised in a FB message.
I’m exactly the same, I was bullied in school mainly by boys, for the longest time I knew I liked boys but boys were always so horrible and mean to me. My old friends were girls. I did have one guy friend in high school briefly, but I developed a crush on him and he is straight
“Those hot Cheeto girls who bullied me in high school are all nurses now!” tweets former Fjällräven backpack girl.
bro on GOD. school traumatized me i hated u bully ass whores and rapist ass boys ontop of insane magnet school workload ! ontop of EVERYTHING in my life why did they feel the need to make me even more suicidal w so much school work i hate haynes academy with everythint in me
Jisoo in these photos gave me popular girl school bully in a teen movie, and school emo/rebel mixed together and idk why i feel this way, but then i see the pink bunny eye-
yo school kids definitely gonna bully him bc of his name weh just why :( nama anak pun boleh buat main wth...
OMG WHAT I THOUGHT WE WERE SORRY DJSKSKS i love ur vibes ur pfp has bad memories for me but just overall like, that one cool girl you see in the halls at school that everyone has a small lowkey crush on that u think would bully u but is actually so insanely nice
when you got bullied by white girls in high school
This is heartbreaking to the max. I cry for this child. Bullying behavior is our of control. We had a girl that suffered from the effects of polio that was bullied in Jr High. It stopped when a handful of girls went after the bullies. They were cowards &amp; backed off.
My high school bully became a cop and now she has a only fans and that’s kinda the growth I wanna see?
Sean Sherk, the bully in high school Sean Jerk
My mom would get buck at the thought that kids was bullying us at school and I was so confused cuz she bullied the fuck out of us at home. Did she want to be the only bully or something?
Just stop it both ways. It's like the different kid, or parent standing alone in the playground , you look different, not cooool. Listen if you wear one be strong. If you don't, don't stare like your the school bully.
Niggas be on here flirting like middle school bullies
Some ppl seem to think being bullied in middle school means they’re like entitled to be mean spirited to strangers and it’s like luv ...ur just a bully now what is not clicking? Ur responsible for ur actions whether or not someone called u ugly when u were 13 pls grow up
Lets start teaching our kids to bully and abuse others kids in school and community... practical practice work for 'Right to dissent' (analogy to suggestion by @BDUTT )
this why the taylor swift horse girls needed to be bullied in high school
They can be mocked for having a high bc by their friends, sure, but if a girl is called a jbag in yr 9 cos she beat the rep follows her forever and she gets actually bullied for it by ppls she doesnt even know but many boys lose their virginities at this age and its applauded
hey hey middle school bully
They act like the girls that bullied them 6 years ago are still in high school LMAO
It was banned in my high school because people kept agreeing that this one girl was a slut. One girl got bullied for being fat even tho I was the fattest one at the damn school, and then someone else said they wanted to fuck a teacher so
not annoying ass fucking boys using one d for clout when u know for a fact they would bully u in school if u said u liked them ://// n they are def homophobic to H://///
my mum finally left her job today but she was bullied so ridiculously badly that you wouldn’t believe the stories if she told you, it sounds like something from a high school drama show. i wish i could punch the two girls her did it to her in their fucking faces
Don't normalise bully in school or workplace
Akbar probably bullied many girls in junior high and high school if she still acts like this #LHHATL smh
If I ever smell like essential oils just know I’m not anti vax, not a middle aged conservative woman, nor a blonde girl who bullied you in high school who has a child named aiden or any variant thereof. I just really love the smell of lavender
The familiar cycle of local boys who bullied me in high school wanting to fuck me and local girls who bullied me in high school constantly stalking my shit has begun GOTTA LOVE COMING HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Sure #MAGAts think that. In poor uneducated #MAGA household boys r bullied, girls taught to spend only currency #croMAGA dads know-desirability. poor gals dream HE crowns them beauty queen and grabs them by their you know what old fart #MAGA still judging swimsuit competition
a former “I am not like other girls” girls that was bullied by the popular ones in High School.
"Cute but didn't think you wanted to get fucked and impregnated like other sluts."
I was bullied at primary school at just 8 years old onwards because of being Jewish. My bullies directly gave me that as the reason. I am now in the middle of writing a book on the way they bullied me and the devastating emotional effects that it has had on my life.
in high school i had a lot of (asshole) male friends, and they would tell me about which guys had a tiny dick or no pubes yet, and about how they were bullied. i mean, fuuuuuuck..... teenage girls can be REALLY mean, but that’s BEYOND mean!! it’s fucking AWFUL!
Woke feminists. My son got completely bullied by girls in high school any time he opened his mouth. Sad.
A Silent Voice An ostracised high school student befriends a deaf girl he bullied in grade school to try to atone for the sins of his past - another good film - watch this one w someone!
Did a redhead girl bully him in school or something?
I was beaten and bloodied in a bathroom when the school bullies learned I went to the psyche ward for almost killing myself in relation to my gender dysphoria. They mocked my gd, called me slurs and bloodied me All that is still not an excuse for murder
He looks lik a school teacher. A teacher I would bully pay attention to
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7chicago.com/5833801/?ex_cid=TA_WLS_TW&amp;taid=5e1926fc2f31770001c26b86&amp;utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&amp;utm_medium=trueAnthem&amp;utm_source=twitter
Frankie and Peaches help Ruby, the new girl at school, find the courage to be herself and stand up to bullies. The Pancake Girl is an inspirational story that shows how a small act of kindness can make a big difference in someone's life. #KidLit https://amzn.to/2YvUF7d ➤
I’ve dealt with bullying it’s not fun and I’ve felt worthless and not wanted and not loved because of words it don’t matter if it’s behind a keyboard or not and the people who think they are safe behind a keyboard your wrong and are just as bad a physical bully in like school
I’ve always thought about this kind of thing, but like countries governments and what kid they’d be at school. So like, the US would be the bully, UK the bully’s reluctant mate, Russia the naughty kid etc.
This bitch used to bully me when we were in high school but now wants me to like her fb page and support her business. What the actual fuck.
Cute how one of my foster families gave me shit when I came out in high school and bullied me for falling in love with a girl to then force us to break up when sending me away without allowing me to say goodbye to her. Even to this day I still think about it and get even more mad
To all the girls and guys that bullied me in middle and high school; I didn’t forget and I’ll never forget. You’re why I’m so insecure now
officially made it to the point in my life where girls who used to bully me in school have invited me to join their pyramid schemes lmao
high fashion twitter girls go to school wearing leggings and slip on vans, get bullied all day, come home, log into their bella hadid avi twitter account to call people fat in group chats and post pictures of cindy kimberly and tweet about the coke they don’t do
Did not enjoy my school years. I was bullied from kindergarten to highschool. I would also get in trouble whenever I retaliated but the bullier also got away with picking on me or hitting me. I tired to be a good student and befriend everyone but that cause me to be bully too.
@shoffmanAB Thanks for all you do MLA Sarah Hoffman for our children. As for you @JasonNixonAB @Alberta_UCP you are an immature bully like the other kids behind you laughing. This isn’t a laughing matter sending students back to school without proper funding. #UCPCorruption
I have absolutely no respect for anyone who thinks this is a good burn. It’s the kind of thing a middle school counselor would tell you to say to a bully. Everyone would roll their eyes and you’d get your ass stomped.
Nah not even once I shared a surname with one of the most feared bully in primary and high school many thought he was my brother but he was not, everyone was scared to touch me
yuyan as the school bully’s nerdy gf
BREAKING: The Fairfax County School Board voted to rename Robert E. Lee High School after the late U.S. Congressman John R. Lewis at its business meeting on July 23. The new name will be effective for the 2020-21 school year.
If they can't hold an in-person board meeting, it is obviously not safe enough to hold in-person schools! How can someone be so damn stupid and get elected as governor? The educational systems should have the guts/brains to stand up to the bullies that wants our people to die.
where's that "girls that bullied me in high school dress goth now"/"take it to therapy" tweet, need to attach it to my last post thanks
can we normalize beating the shit out of bullies in school again ?
2 weeks ago I had a random dream about this girl who bullied me in middle and high school dying of a drug overdose.... today she did. What the hell?
One weird thing about junior and high school.... tall girls getting bullied.
Literally this girl who went to my high school and lied up and down saying I bullied her
At Clarendon House Grammar School for Good Gels, we did it! However, considering the fearsome bunch of bully bruisers round there them boys woz nuffink, nuffink! xx
The girl who bullied me in high school’s social media’s bios say “be a good human” :’) So NOW you wanna be a good human?
the one thing I’m not gonna look forward to when I’m studying to be a nurse are interacting w the Christian girls who bullied people in high school, treat special need people as kids and accessories but still have treat ppl w kindness in their ig bios
oh yikes and wasn’t their leader revealed to be a bully when he was still in school
It's everyday bro with the same bully flow Bully at school, now bullying your bro Diss your own brother, I don't really get it though Stop bragging just accept nobody knows your Disney show It's everyday bro with the same bully flow (what) Bully at school, now bullying your bro
I once read a tweet from an old school mate Ruth was some sort of school bully in her youth in Fife. Makes sense.
These are high school bullies. Power hungry dickheads who just love to boss people around and hurt them for no reason! All public servants should get cleared by a shrink before they report to work!
I reposted it (minus typo), but I never attended either college that your HS bully clearly went to, but hey maybe you’ll find the courage to confront ur school-bully (that you’re taking out ur personal anger on to me) &amp; actually get some comfort out of it after all these years.
Two girls I know from high school apparently got married this weekend &amp; I'm so happy for them. They were bullied for being less feminine and fat in school. So glad they found each other &amp; are blessed to spend their lives together
a girl that bullied me in high school called me Lo
The worst thing about holiday season is seeing everyone who bullied you in high school around town, but they act super nice as if they didn’t call you fat or a slut LOL. no grudges held, but a girl never forgets that shit
Because a few people have asked me why I called William Barr a high-school bully in today's column, I am posting this piece:
A girl who seemed happy suddenly killed herself (not in school of course) who was in my spanish class. Multiple bomb threats A kid I went to elementary, middle school, and High school with threatened that he would shoot up the school. He was bullied a lot
He looks like he was a bully in high school. Wont get my vote.
He really has is a classless fool. He just never knows when to shut up. He can dish it out but can't take it. He is that elementary school bully that is mean to everyone and steals their lunch money and dessert but when the other kids push back he cries foul.
Me still thinking about the girls who bullied me in middle/high school for loving the jonas brothers so much and now they're fans
Block them tbh you made something for fun and it is cute. some people just enjoy being high school bullies on twitter
Several things. I was known as "that quiet girl" in elementary school, "that fat kid with curly hair" in middle school, being "that slut" in high school and now I'm bullied for just being a women online and at work. Super fun.
Michael Tracy is if the resentful little wwe fan in grade school never aged. this reads like how you bully kids in early elementary school...
Thanks to all in my little Twitter community who have said such positive things! This person was a bully in high school, too, but I forgive her because I know where she comes from and how hard it is to be who she is in that community. In any case, thanks folks!
Nimbe was a very brilliant student, in fact he's one of the best students in his class. But then, his class mates bullies him. So, Nimbe had to deal with his family issues caused by his father at home and bullies at school.
a girl who bullied me really heavily in jr high school really wanted to be a marine biologist. i somehow don't think she amounted to that...good.
When the girl who bullied you in high school for liking Harry styles is now posting on social media about how much she likes his music
Bobby Knight, the same coach who literally had Larry Bird on his IU team but allowed Kent Benson to bully him which resulted in Bird leaving school. Knight's narcissism didn't recognize Bird's fucking greatness. Doubt IU wouldve lost a game if Bird stayed 4 yrs -IU Fan Since 1974
I think he also does something that we saw a lot of in high school. Inclusion into the group. Trump is the typical mean girl. His group is such if you're not included you are bullied and ridiculed. Even the "nice girls" want to be included in the group so they feel safe.
girls who bullied me in high school are weeds now and im nintendo
This Schmuck sounds like a middle school bully. How about instead of ridiculing your "enemy", you actually try to do something useful?
There was a story about him being a bully in high school, from 1991, by a classmate.
It really do be the girls that were so awful to you in high school and bullied you that have thing in their bio about being a nice person or bring peace and be peace for the world and all that like bitch you ruined my day every day !!
It’s extremely obvious if you were the kind of girl who bullied goth/alternative girls in high school but claim your goth now because it’s ~trendy~. We see right through you and we ain’t forget
Tanner from high school? The one who stole my girl? The one bullied me?
a girl that bullied me in high school invited me to like her photography page on facebook omfggg i didn’t think this actually happened to people
Sometimes I be missing high school lowkey was hella a bully to the bitches I didn’t like I OBVI HAD MY REASONS BUT HAAAA shit was funny af
it got so bad to the point that i wouldn’t even go to regular high school and i ended up going to school at moa and i hated it and i tried to kms bc no matter what i did i was still being bullied still trying to make amends w the girls who were bullying me bc i was desperate
Ban private schools really means ban Christ from education. Ban charter schools means allow sub standard teaching to continue and keep parents out of education. Ban police means thugs can bully and teachers must intervene in physical altercations. @DNC and @JoeBiden -NO!
a bully by his middle school teachers, peers or probably even his parents because of his "potential" as a future hero. He's admitted to knowing only violent ways of conflict resolution. Even Todoroki knows better because he has good siblings and a mom who wasn't a doormat+
randomly ended up creeping on the girls’ who bullied me in high school and I can’t believe that I let girls who had no upper lip stress me out so much lol
I think she's a victim of bullying in high school and is over compensating now trying to be an adult mean girl. Its gross and imagine how her sweet daughter who is being bullied currently feels seeing her mother act this way...
Bullies in middle school:
in a few years, will people who spent their time sending abuse and threats to strangers on the internet, feel proud of what they did? I always wonder the same about high school bullies, do they still look back on their behaviour and think they were doing something good?
As expected, he seemed confused. She chuckled. "I never told anyone but I was bullied in high school." "What- "Don't worry. Wala na yun sakin. But yeah, I was bullied because I was tall for a typical girl." "Bea.." "They would often call me names and assume things about me."
I honestly wish I knew. It feels like middle School where everyone bullies the nerdy kids
You deserve an applause there. I've been a bullying victim through most of my school years and my bullies barely got punished. Instead, I got punished for standing up
Waseca High School upperclassmen rally around young girl being bullied at school
Not even in, say, school bathrooms and locker rooms? Bullies are ruthless and can cause real physical and psychological harm.
The bullies from high school have ugly kids now. Oh how this world works..
#ComingOutDay - I've known I was gay since I was 11 and got in trouble for holding a girls hand at school. I was bullied in high school for being a lesbian. My first girl kiss was a roommate in college. I didn't come out til after all this happened because I was scared
A worked with a line cook (not a chef, a fucking replaceable line cook) man who threw knives when the bust boys didn’t pick his dishes up fast enough. Meanwhile the girl who cooked on the grill right next to him had a high piched voice. Guess who got bullied out of the job?
So I moved across the state at 10 and my best friend from my first hometown is now college best friends with the girl who bullied me in high school. Got to love that uno reverse, turned tables huh?
Mario kart 9, since i wont buy mario kart 8 since i already have it on my Wii U
That I was going through a rough phase...I have a bully in school who tortured me about my looks and my grades..i was depressed .but what made me genuinely happy is movies
sorry as someone who was emo in high school all those posts that are like “something bad happened to the girl who bullied me in high school :)” shit makes me cringe youre a grown ass adult and you’re still holding onto high school trauma? couldnt b me
you never realize what a small world it is till your ex fucks your middle school bully
High school, I wasn’t bullied by anyone from my school cuz of course, who would bully a big ass Samoan girl? Lmao. I was bullied more so by folks who I thought were family &amp; friends. I had pranks pulled such as them telling me a certain guy had liked me, but really didn’t.
My white sister was intensely bullied by a large black girl in high school who would regularly call her "crackah" she was never punished because racism is the new black entitlement
Two lazy high school girls cheated on a test and thought I tattled on them...I didn't. But I threaten to kick their stupid asses and they left me alone. My dad bullied my whole family, so I knew how to deal with bullies, when to shut up and when to fight back.
I played with the quieter girls and a few boys when I was young - but as a short fat artsy kid in a very working class sporty school, I got bullied. At high school I was a librarian and hung out in the library
True about kids cruelty. I always tried to stem that shit as a jock in high school. I couldn’t stand bullies and those who thought they were better just because of daddy’s money!
j/aoa/min always looked untrustable ... got that mean girl who bullied u in high school look ...
I can relate to that! I was the kind of girl who was always nice n trying sooo hard for others but getting bullied in return... I spent HOURS at the library reading psychology and sociology books in high school cause I was convinced it would help me understand how I had hurt em -
do u guys remember when i tried convincing everyone i was straight freshman yr of high school after being bullied and called a lesbian in middle school for kissing (2) girls lol good times
The thing about these guys is that they're like the bullies you dealt with in school whereas a good punch in the mouth would send them to the school nurse and then the principal would come down on the person being bullied They're really not all that impressive here in the country
I see your point LOL. Well, JKR hasn't aged mentally beyond school bully, so there's that.
We’re the elementary school bully, too.
she literally takes pride in the fact that she doesn't wash, like ?? what did showers ever do to you?? did they bully you for being gay like how you bullied other girls in school??
she looks like every girl that bullied me in high school
Every girl at UNCW bullied me in high school
Slaughter High (1986) ~ Marty Rantzen is the victim of high school pranks, one being near fatal involving nitric acid! Ten years later the bullies get an invite to a school reunion... they are now the victim of April Fools, at the hands of Marty on a killing spree! #horror
Thankful I was a bully and stole ur pizza in elementary school or else we wouldn’t even be friends
I will never forget in middle school when this woman was giving a presentation to my class on bullying and she literally had to check some of my classmates by saying “there’s a difference between being mean and being a bully, calling someone fat is not the same as-
Of course the mean senior girl who sorta bullied me in high school is straight married and an Instagram wife now idk why Facebook had to show me her profile and clue me in to this fact
Please don't act like your experience is the only valid abuse one. "In real life", some people do learn to forgive their abusers. I've forgiven my bullies from school. My father was literally beaten throughout his entire childhood, w/ scars to prove it, &amp;he forgave his father. TY
Do u think my high school bullies still think I’m ugly :(
Shame momz bestie's son has man boobs. Says hz being bullied at school becoz of hz w8 :( :( poor thing
It seems, the more people call them out on their actions the worse they become. Like the class captain at school that is a spiteful nasty bully. As I am sure you know I thought #cyrilramaphosa would be S.A.'s saviour. How wrong was I??? Spineless &amp; gutless
I went to a school full of bullies and I was an outsider but I survived and it strengthened my character all though it has affected most of my life in a negative way. A lot of ppl don’t survive it including one kid who was nick named Forrest Gump so he hung himself
i know if i had known camila in high school, which couldve easily happened considering were the same exact age from the same exact city, she wouldve bullied me especially after seeing her tumblr exposed she literally looks like the girls who bullied me in high school
a lot of girls message me &amp; ask me what i do to get my waist so small, so i thought i’d just post it on here for everyone! i actually drink Fit Tea &amp; use It Works every day. No! i’m NOT lying to you bc you bullied &amp; slut shamed me in high school, this is how i do it! i swear!
I feel for the girls who got bullied in high school for rumors about them fucking a cucumber or something because as adults we all know those phallic veggies stay looking better than most of our exes
IM SORRY BUT DREAM GIVES ME THE HIGH SCHOOL BULLY VIBE WHO BULLIES NERDS AND HOMO PEOPLE BUT IS SECRETLY GAY DONT @ME
i rly looked @myself in the mirror and saw that 8 yr old that lived off of those xfactor video diaries and music to forget her elementary school bullies and life @home. #10YearsOf1D #10YearsOfOneDirection
Bruh the girls who bullied me in high school really aging like milk deadass how are we the same age but y’all over looking like you’re in your late 30s chill
Please don’t believe everything you see on social media. Some of these bitches that talk about uplifting women or having had low self esteem in the past, are the same ones who bullied girls in high school for what they looked like.
Hey girl - i know we haven’t talked since i bullied you in high school but would you want to be a boss babe with me?
Don't want be policed by high school drop out bullies
the girl who bullied you in high school unironically loves that quote the Great Gatsby about girls being fools
'Karen bashing' is the latest cool kid trend. School yard bullies tend to grow into adult bullies.
Marcus 22 Straight (?) Single Star Wars Star Wars A girl on high school bullied you by calling you a curly-haired fuck
i don’t want to forget that i just dreamt about kicking my bully’s ass from my school days back at home she tried to steal the shirt i was wearing bc she thought it looked too girly for me to wear. i threw her across the yard
I had a female trans friend in high school and she was bullied bad. She couldn’t use the school bathrooms she had to use the bathroom in the front office of the school bc guys would bully her and girls would flip tf out when she used regular bathrooms.
The girls who bullied me in high school mocked my speech on suicide awareness and told me I didn’t deserve anything I got, then took to social media to preach about suicide awareness and bullying and how we should accept everyone. They ruined my entire high school experience.
this brought tears to my eyes, I thought I had shitty friends in school but this takes the fucking cake. im so glad they're not your friends anymore. I want to cyber bully them so bad
I was a nerd and was bullied and picked on mercilessly in school. So I started doing the bullies homework for them and letting them cheat off me on tests. Within a month i learned how to run my mouth and gave it right back. They ended up being the best friends I've ever had.
She looks like the bully that went to church camp in middle school
high school fucking bullies....
On wattpad? Then you should write abt a girl getting bullied in high school by the one and only colby brock
Pretty sure it was a bully themed after school special. Handicapped kid was NOT the bully
review – Devils’ day Party : a RH High School Bully Romance
"The biggest threat to a bully's safety isn't a random school shooter, it's the person they bully fighting back".
I went to an all girls high school. Very proper. I wasn't bullied. I also don't remember being bullied in primary school. My siblings didn't provoke me either. Lmao. Only adults. Like my ex bf. Nothing else.
you ever think your life has hit rock bottom but then you look up those girls who bullied you from high school on Facebook and you’re like “huh guess I’m doing alright for myself”
Okay my daughter got bullied 3 years ago her high school in Brisbane said unless she had proof they can't act. These girls who bullied her we're smart and only did it when she was by herself. I went to extremes and the school did nothing. The Queensland education department is
Overall college tuition costs: $30k Casual high school party costs: $150 Watching your middle school bully getting rejected from her dream school at a high school party= priceless
Setting up this thread with links and comments to watch as Official Ireland use their media and "journalists" to bully, threaten and intimidate teachers into accepting conditions considered unsafe for politicians/journalists in the month leading up to school return. 1/n #edchatie
Seeing these nurse tik toks makes me think about how like every single girl who bullied me in middle/high school is in the medical field pretty much &amp; it’s fucking scary. Like no thank you, I think I’ll bleed to death or die from whatever illness may come upon me first
you seem like the type of girl who bullied people in high school because mommy and daddy didn’t pay enough attention to you
I had a dream last night that I was back in high school and getting bullied really bad and @kimpetras was the popular pretty girl and she stuck up for me and we became best friends lol
Also hot take- Sydney’s demeanor is not that of someone who was picked on or bullied in high school. She exudes big mean girl energy &amp; she’s clearly a whole lie #TheBachelor
the girls who wore this shit bullied me in high school so if that gives any context to its audience
So the lil bro is the bully on bully beat dwn................WTF big bro
girls mom, and the mom was just as bad as the girl! I've been bullied, sexually harassed, assaulted, and teased mercilessly, all the way to high school. I was suicidal for 4 years. When we moved to a different state, I gained my sense of self back.
Good you’ve been playing around to much and not doing your job. This is not a joke. People are dying. People are suffering. You act like a high school bully instead of someone that should be focused on the country.
He’s that short guy with a huge head on the wrestling team in high school who is a bully’s toady that everyone avoids because he’s filled with rage and is stupid and mean
I’m not even exaggerating. All the girls who bullied me in high school r now single mums, crack heads, welfare queens, gang-affiliated, lost custody of kids, in prison, living at home w parents, still having personal drama on social media, caught on camera stealing... whew lol
He may have been bullied in high school by athletes because he is short, stupid and sounds like a little girl. Am I close @Jim_Jordan ?
If we go full remote, where will the lower socio economic groups put their kids so they can go to work? They need the security of school so they can earn their daily bread. But this year there is a new risk. Not just bullets, bomb, bullies, cold, and flu. This year that kid who 6
¿Why am I jealous of girls who bullied me and had 2.5 gpas in high school with about the same personality as a rock?
They were all likely the degenerate bullies in school and now they're in towns near us in all of their 'glory'...what kind of sociopath wouldn't enjoy tear gassing peaceful protestors like senior citizens, nurses, moms, vets?? #LockThemUp
This behaviour from teen girls has been going on since I was a teen. All my female classmates in high school were hyper sexualised, dressed like sluts and already sleeping around when they were 14! They listened to those pop stars too. I was bullied for not doing the same!
girls who bullied me in high school are emotions now and im magpie
I knew a kid in high school who was constantly getting bullied and beat up because he was suspected of being straight. Tragically, he eventually killed himself. Not because of the bullying, but because of his extreme shame about liking girls.
IKR!!!! I'm begging the ani community to be better;;; everytime I find a funny guy I like, they're problematic somehow and everytime I find a funny girl I like, they're bullied off of yt by men;; the bar isn't even that high for the men in the community
They did when I went to school. Then they removed them when some bully split a kids head open with them
Why follow someone just to try and talk down to them? Dad wasn't around? Secretly have a boner for them? Mom didn't breastfeed? Maybe she did too much? Didn't make the team in high school? Bullied in school? Small penis? Catfished by a guy/girl? What other reasons could there be?
Side note: a girl who bullied me in middle and high school came into my last job and I was her cashier. She made eye contact with me, registered everything, and just smiled Like girl I see you, and I’m gonna request you live out the rest of your days a w a y from me
It's so freaking embarrassing that the president of the United States .. name calls like a 12 year old abused school yard bully?
Wow, I literally just remembered that some guy and this one girl in my class during high school literally bullied me in class for wearing makeup in front of everyone lmfaooo if I could go back in time and slap those bitches I would...
just remembered a dream i had a little while ago where boys who went to my high school bullied me about my big fat ass and i couldn’t walk with it and i mentored a younger girl who was also bullied for her beauty......wonder what that meant
Also can we explain why they portrayed girls who were bullies as tomboys/d**kes cause most the bullies in high school who were girls wore skirts, Guy Harvey and boots
This poor kid’s high school life is ruined forever. Imagine this video pops up. Guys can tease and bully you till you drop dead.
I was brutally bullied the first couple years of high school for liking slipknot by a certain few girls so I can understand it pissing people off but I'm stoked that I can get Slipknot merch so cheap now I am after that long sleeve tee for real
Yep when I just started high school , this brown girl bullied me relentlessly. My complexion was mostly a bother to her . She’d call me “ black gal , Mawga gal “ and bout my uniform. The funny thing is she was Mawga as well but I guess hers was acceptable because she was brown
Well, my manager certainly did not agree. And neither did the girls in high school who bullied me mercilessly about it.
- Winter - snowboarding - blonde hair - red hair - Christianity - doing well in school - fighting 1v1 - not sharing women - open spaces - not smelling bad - Being handsome/beautiful - lacrosse - long hair - not getting offended over racist jokes - being racist - mannerbunds
The head cheerleader and the most popular girl at my moms school bullied her all the time. My mom’s a lawyer and she drives a bus for a living. Just another reminder that high school popularity doesn’t mean shit and never will.
dishonoring badmouthing disrespectful dude. a cliche. but it's almost like it happens every night in every bar or anywhere all the time. it's so rare here. but we all have the notion over there it's like chewing gum. normal. daily. not a biggie. like the school bullies always in
The Congressmen's & Senator's daughters that I went 2 Shenandoah Valley Academy with told me about their father's being bullied & threatened
I'm at a baby shower and one of the girls that bullied me in High School is here. To be very honest, from all things, this was the most unexpecting shit to happen lol. This is a sign I need to work on forgiving and let go of my past, but damn this shit is heavy.
lele pons really said she got bullied in high school for being latina. a PUBLIC high school in MIAMI. alright girl, i guess.
Going to try and bully @AiDungeon in today’s #Twitch #cosplay #livestream! Join me as I will try to make it regret ever coming to this school! http://Twitch.tv/ainiwaffles
She is the archetypal school bully
He is trying to bully the school system trying to bully governors to open up their schools Donald Trump is like Satan his quest for blood and murder is a never-ending one sacrificing or trying to sacrifice our children for the sake of his re-election
Meanwhile Fauci throws first pitch of the season. Did ANYONE invite @realDonaldTrump? Boo hoo. Just a 9 yo school yard bully crying his eyes out because no one came to his Chuck E. Cheese birthday party! And he sent out HUNDREDS of invitations! My MOST FAVE PIC OF ALL TIME!
I think it’s so funny that girls who bullied me in middle/high school for the way I looked are now calling themselves “witches” and wearing black lipstick
it's solely songs about trying to get girls you bullied in high school to join your it works downline through facebook messenger
Did you see the one she made about “the girl that bullied you in high school giving her vows at her wedding”
grow up.... the @GOP need to stop acting like thugs and act like professional elected officials not school yard bullies like Trump.
Bill Barr Was a Sick and Sadistic Kid Who Was A Fascist "High School Tormentor" and Bully, Classmate Recalls to BuzzFlash
I live in NYC, all my life. I’ve known many officers of NYPD. 20% of them are decent human beings. Most are troglodyte bullies who tossed a coin after high school, cop x criminal, which will it be? Problem is, the minority of good cops always cover for the bad ones!
I was browsing through Netflix to find something that I could watch, then saw "17 Again" and wanted to watch the part where he shut down a bully and school him... I ended up watching the whole movie and cried at the ending. Welp...
This is childish like a school bully. Stand taller. Set an example. This is why children behave so poorly. This is what they have to look up to. I mean no disrespect, just want people to be better.
A lot of the research supports that a student who gets bullied, often resorts to bully-like behavior as a coping mechanism. Or kids who are bullies, chances are bullied by someone outside of the school. #FurlowEC
i love looking at the twitter accounts of every popular girl from my high school that bullied me their tweets are always like: UGH im too nice for my own good having a small group of friends is SO much better get me a spray tan
His area of expertise is handing money to the school bully while keeping his teeth in tact.
my fave thing about getting older is seeing all the guys from middle/high school that bullied me getting dad bods &amp; receeding hairlines, and all the girls having 24 children and divorces, and here i am chillin
Again, the school yard bully comes out swinging!
me and make my life a living hell with your fake ass friend group. And then a couple of weeks before the end of school you just act like nothing happened. You act like you didn’t make me cry every fucking day, you act like you didn’t bully me for not giving you my answers. +
the thought that girls who bullied me in high school are now selling non FDA approved vitamins ... that’s why i have a hard time sleeping at night
wow i cant believe i used to get bullied in high school by a girl who looks like this now
every time i see girls from my high school cheer team like my tweets it makes me laugh, remember when y'all hated me so much that you harassed and bullied me off the team?? where is that energy now that you like every tweet i post???
“ this girl bullied me in high school “
Even if the dude did groom a girl, that is irrelevant to his point. Just because naruto and dragon ball are popular anime doesn't mean nobody wasn't bullied for looking other anime. It happened all the time in my high school.
BULLY'S BULLY'S BULLY'S I thought they stopped bully's in school. So why are cops still allowed to BULLY people? Police are not above the law. HOLD THE POLICE ACCOUNTABLE...
There were at least two schools who insisted on making the boys wear shorts till class VIII or so. kids hitting puberty, looking typically gangly and wearing shorts, short sleeve shirts with ties. It's a bloody miracle we didn't bully them that much.
I got bullied for not fitting in with the crowd and being over weight. Girls didn’t like me because I preferred talking to dudes over hanging with girls, I lost the weight and now all these dudes I went to high school with in my DMs like heeeeyy
so my old middle school bully just sent me an unsolicited nude and asked for one back. i told him he'd have to pay me and he sent $100 to my paypal. i was bluffing, but guess im an amateur pornstar now.
I had so much potential in high school and I wasted it because girls who are now MLM #bossbabes bullied me
The cook being a high school bully was the biggest plot twist I’ve ever heard
"No negotiation. I am your gf and you are my breeding stock... and gf i guess."
Shout out to the girls in high school who bullied me into realizing I’m bi af, I would have been hella confused for a lot longer.
Trumps a badass...that’s why I like him. He’s the dude in school that doesn’t take shit from bullies!
Miley Cyrus was that girl in high school who was out to all the lads as ‘bisexual’ but bullied the actual lesbians
I hope when you go back to school after quarantine your bullies jump you ong im praying
also: don’t fucking bully people over goddamn ships and characters holy shit. you wanna be a bully do it at school you fucking 8th grade drama queen
Your gramps did okay because there were specific programs meant to revitalize the country after the stock market crash during a time when women and minorities weren't allowed certain jobs. Did you skip US history in high school to bully freshmen?
UUUF for a lot of things but when I got in high school I was tired of being bullied so I decide to put an end to it... I don't know how but I end getting along with everyone, being a quiet shy girl to an extrovert one, I bet it was witchcraft
Also you know what’s satisfying? Seeing your elementary school bully pregnant at 20 with her SECOND child and engaged to the ugliest redneck I’ve ever seen.
I don't know if they know that their cruel words sadden me more for them than for me. *I went to elementary school. I have been bullied before. Bullies don't shock me. They sadden me because I know they are hurting themselves deeply and unconsciously*
Sometimes I wonder if the girls who bullied me in middle/high school would still have bullied me in college. The answer is probably yes.
A heartwarming story during these COVID times: this girl who was bullied in my high school became (more) beautiful and successful AND recently went viral on TikTok
I can’t believe I let ugly bitches bully me in elementary school
how are there zoomers in high school just openly being nazis now. Do kids not bully people anymore or something
Mmmm Becky sounds like a girl who gets bullied in high school but is actually really nice. I feel like OP is peak Karen
I know about bully. talk down , call me name like you slow and dumb. Because I thorough same thing, I went school name The Children’s institute of Pittsburgh for speech class most of my childhood. That way to speak up your self..
“3 years ago I hated all sports and exercise because I got really badly bullied so I had to do something about it...” Full story here - https://humansofhiit.co.uk/holly-hammond #sport #exercise #bullies #rugby #englandrugby #scrumhalf #school #rugbyclub #confidence #coaching #family #friends
funny how all the boys that used to bully me in middle school to high school are trying to hit me up now haha no shot bucko
@SRuhle Thank-you for this interview with John Hendrickson, I am 60 yrs old and stuttered terribly as a young girl and teenager, was bullied horribly in high school, I still stutter (not as bad),this is awareness we need!
Girls need to be empowered. Govt has to be put to task. Recently, a Twitter thread exposed how boys mistreated girls in one of the affluent secondary schools in Uganda. It is no wonder that some of those boys grew up to become bullies, wife beaters, and bosses who feel they ...
There is no difference between the Nigerian government & those bullies in public secondary schools that give you 100 naira to buy them 1000 Naira worth of snacks and bring them 500 Naira change. Know this and know peace
I think it’s so weird that the stereotype is that ALL nursing majors were bullies in high school like so many of us were the ones being bullied and now have the compassion to provide full care for people —- not girls who didn’t run in gym bc their makeup might get ruined.
a girl i was "friends" with in middle/high school randomly just sent me a facebook request. she probably forgot she bullied me for thinking i was a lesbian and she convinced her friends to do it also. so i'm definitely not accepting that request lmao.
School bully thinks he is a prefect
Alexa Demie looks like every girl who bullied me in high school and college morphed into one person
Interesting that the girls whose bios are “have courage and be kind” are the same ones that bullied me in high school
many of my high school bullies now view my instagram stories. the main emotion I feel right now is "bullied"
All the girls I went to high school with don’t remember me but somehow they always end up in conversations in random places with me, and all I can do is pretend that I don’t remember how they bullied me into multiple mental breakdowns.
Mainly high school bullies. In other words, losers.
It’s interesting how every single person who bullied the fuck out of me in school is now either hooked on drugs, has underage girls pregnant, doesn’t own a high school diploma, are trapped in a marriage at eighteen, or dead. But what do I know, I’m just a faggot.
Millennial Goths: these Zoomer goth girls are so fake! Go back to hot topic! U never had it as rough as we did! These chicks bullied us in high school Gen X Goths profiled by police for “satanic activity” :
Over time, his anger and hatred towards all the kids who mistreated him built up. During high school, he decided he had enough of being a victim. He formed the perfect plan, well, it was perfect in his eyes. No one would bully him if they were too terrified of him, right?
yall think im babie and im thinking how im gonna beat the shit out of my old bully if he bothers me next school year so-
And I've figured out Jerid. Jerid is a high school bully. He antagonizes Kamille from the first episode and then *blames Kamille for all his problems* and RELENTLESSLY pursues Kamille to keep bullying him around.
I don't understand the hype about her. She looks like every rich girl who bullied me at Reno high.
The girl who bullied you in high school is now a ‘consultant’
So Juvenile, even her voice sounds like it ! Same people who use to cause havoc and bully people in school. They never grow up.
I bet you the school bully beat you up daily and took your dimner money off you...
@iBio_Lettuce That's not nice to everybody to rub it in, you realize everybody's account is down a lot today. If you got puts just enjoy them why do you need to try to trash everybody? Are you a bully in school? ** Also reali...
Have to go to an island of mostly harmless creatures to discover your familiar. How did that dragon egg get here? Class bully gets possessed by a demon. A very courteous and friendly demon. TALENT SHOW! Sports battle vs other school. The new lunch staff serves Exotic food.
Girls have a high barrier for being taken seriously too. A girl seems to be always seen as a “leech,” if she co-streams with a dude, even if she’s the more popular one. A girl won hearthstone, and she talked about being bullied for her gender. She’s clearly the best right now.
"Breaking news: I just had my head dunked into a toilet by my high school bully. He told me to say "I'm a little marshmallow boy and you're the candy king" which I did. As I was leaving he poured milk on my head" -super serious journalist
When I was in high school, I was the only openly gay guy at my school and it's the loneliest feeling ever! Meanwhile, there were handfuls of lesbians and bisexual girls... and while I was bullied for being gay, nobody said or did anything to them. Lesbians have it easier...
It’s always easier to be mad at mom than take on the bullies at school. Keep raving at us if you need to. We’re too busy doing the work.
I have done what you recommend. I am involved with my 3 kids at two different schools. They had a good plan I believed in. Don't be sheep. Lina is a bully.
Keep those god damn schools and churches closed, though
I guess Conceded with no self awareness? Idk Those really pretty girl that would bully me in high school
for accelerating the car as you throw eggs atyour high school bully’s house
One of the girls that bullied me in high school is now a police officer...
It was a movement O was teached at school it was totally normal for us to use, never used it again tho because when I showed it a while later I was bullied for it and because I understood that it was offensive. They didnt need to bully me for it tho
u can always tell how much an emo kid got bullied in high school by how loudly they sing “the boys and girls in the clique, the awful names that they stick, you’re never gonna fit in much kid” from teenagers
Funny how you used to bully me during my school days and now you're confessing to me? Bruhhhh no thanks
If you’re a follower of @TheAngrySemite please give him some love. Jaz and her friends are calling him a stalker because of an off hand comment with no context. Middle school bullies right now.
the look i am rocking today is very “private school boy who thinks he got in because he’s good at rugby but really it’s because his dad is minted. bullies 12 year olds.”
all the girls that bullied me in high school are now single moms that do pyramid schemes
Gets called a midwit, has to call everyone a loser bc he learned in school that it's important to stand up to bullies.
got that middle school bully vibe
Seeing for Two "A heartwarming tale for children! Join Abi, a girl born with one eye, as she navigates school and home life, confronting prejudice and bullying. One day, a blind abandoned kitten gives her the strength to face her bullies as she's... seeing for two!"
cabron this happened to me but in junior and senior year of high school. When the girl came out every person that bullied me for being a “lesbian” would defend her with teachers saying ain’t nothing wrong with being homosexual. Funny how it was wrong if *I* was tho.
she’ll message the girl she ruthlessly bullied in high school like “Hey girlie!!”
First her family kicked her out around 16. She had to live at a halfway house while going to school. In high school she was bullied so much she had to go to a GED program. Then the GED program wouldn't let her use the boy's or the girl's bathroom. They told her to just not go!
Stay strong Luca . I was bullied at school and thought for years that I was to blame. Don’t let the cowardly bullies with no confidence upset you. The first time you stand tall and face up to them, watch them wilt in front of you.
girls from high school who wore their headbands like this most definitely bullied
I’m biracial and the black girls at my junior high/HS bullied me until the day I graduated. They nicknamed me “Oreo” and would constantly steal my clothes during gym and throw them in the toilet. All because I wasn’t “black enough.”
The 10-year-old Canadian girl admitted that she got bullied at school, but is now on a new level of high-flying success and fame. #AmericasGotTalent @nbc
Coral stabs her bully after school. UwU)/ Cue Kraak sobbing because he's proud of her. "T-That's my meisje!!!" (Little girl).
But also, when I kind of dated someone in high school and he traumatized me so much I quit speech interp and in college I quit doing stage makeup cause the girl I tried to date and her best friend (who was supposed to be mine too) bullied me so bad I dropped the class. Growth.
WHY IS IT A TREND TO DO A MIDDLE PART???? ALL OF YOU UGLY LILLY VERA TORY GIRLS BULLIED ME RUTHLESSLY THROUGHOUT MIDDLE SCHOOL AND HIGH SCHOOL FOR HAVING ONE. FUCK YOU GIVE ME CREDIT
There was this girl in my high school who got bullied for wearing this shit......I could never bring myself to stand up for her ass cause she always had this shit on....like girl why even I wanna bully you
I’m sorry but why are girls who bullied me in high school DMing me “hey hun!” And trying to sell me their MLM crap
I was never bullied by a "hi girlie" girl in high school i was bullied by one emo bitch and she got pregnant and married a hick directly out of highschool (:
Girls who bullied the girls who loved horses in high school r the same ones who like Bella hadid’s pictures of her posing w her horse
Description: A high school girl who was bullied by her classmates and schoolmates changed her physical appearance, personality and her name over the summer. And by the help of one guy, she get revenge and make them beg. Read my story https://my.w.tt/bhRrRJn3p7 #JiminFF
That is only a fact in your eye because you want to believe it like that. It is called cognitive dissonance.
Independent investigation into bullying policy at Broadoak Sports College (Hazel Wood High School) Bury, Lancashire and GMP full investigation - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/Cc2Bx9wx via @UKChange this girl was bullied so bad that it led to her death.
Parents were fine, but schools thought as I was often only kid with graduate parent, I'd be OK anyway. My happiness/safety was less imp than keeping some deeply disturbed &amp; violent kids in mainstream ed. My parents were told by head they shd feel sorry for 1 of worst bullies…
Bonding with a cute girl over anime I knew I shouldn’t have let y’all bully me for watching it in middle school
the same mfs who would bully me in middle school for having a mustache is the same mfs who live in my DMs now
i got bullied by a group of high school girls today and i don’t know how to feel
i just saw a recent picture of a girl who bullied me in high school and suddenly i don’t feel so bad about myself lol
I had a dream where I was back in my junior school again and the people that bullies were older and stilled bullied me even if we all grew up and stuff. Worst part I thought the whole thing was real and actually happen until I work up feeling safe that it was in my head.
You’d probably be that girl that would’ve bullied me in high school
in high school my senior class went to Disney &amp; we went to animal kingdom &amp; a bunch of us made our insta captions something like find me where the wild things are but all the popular girls bullied me for “copying them” it was traumatizing
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside James Logan High School; confrontation over bullied daughter | http://abc7chicago.com. Democrat Teachers Union . Aint they cute ? https://abc7.com/5833801
You think because it happened from a few bullies in each school, this applies to all of us? Fucking NO. Most of us were on the other end, being abused by those guys, and now you’re lumping the bullied and the bullier into one fucking group. How the FUCK does that make sense?
this is how homophobic bullies turn out after high school
@CBSNews @BarackObama @StephenAtHome @KamalaHarris @washingtonpost @SymoneDSanders @ABCPolitics @TheDailyShow @jimmykimmel Safe 2 go to school but NOT safe 2 go to Fl? He’s a draft dodger, bully &amp; a coward. He don’t use mask cuz they test who sees him first. Trust=he’s a coward
if anyone needed to hear this alt isn’t an “aesthetic” it’s the furries who got bullied in high school and the “emo girl” that got asked to several times if she had depression, being mocked on.
It is a stupid go to. Just to add this in, I have asked out guys before (mostly early high school &amp; late primary school). I don't know if I just emasculated them, they were shocked or because I was 89kg &amp; in my opinion ugly, that they then decided to bully me.
Hey twitter armys whoever is good at hacking can you do it for me so I have this girl in my class who is an army too but she bullies me for liking bts and she stole my first ever group friend and now I am all alone but this was in a new school my old school I had friends
Those girls that bullied you in middle and high school grew up to be this type of nurse. Lol
at work there were like 4 12 gear old boyd just moaning for like 10 minutes...i let mf like these bully me in middle school...
TRUMP IS SIMPLY A FRAUD HE HAS BEEN RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT FOR OVER 25 YEARS & NOW THAT HE IS IN OFFICE HE HAS FAILED AGAIN HE IS NO PRESIDENT, HE'S A LOW IQ FOOL WITH THE MENTALITY OF A 4 YEAR-OLD-SCHOOL-YARD-BULLY HE CAN'T WALK, TALK, READ, WRITE OR EVEN DRINK LIKE AN ADULT
Writing: the only occupation that allows you to turn that last break-up into a HEA, get revenge on your school bullies, use all those SAT words, and name all the children you never had. ALL AT THE SAME TIME.
I Won't Be Bullied By Girls - chinese 8.9/10 it's... very kooky with almost absurdist humor that you'll either vibe with or cringe to. you can tell the budget wasn't all too high and the acting is VERY amateur but you can FEEL how hard these kids try which adds a unique charm.
Pretty sure this girl bullied me in high school for playing #animalcrossing #acnh
in high school i was not regularly called a f*g in the hallway so that y’all could act like anybody was for real bullied for dressing like an e boy/girl before it was cool smh
twitter is like a big school, like you got the bullies, you got the popular kids, you got the introverts, you got the cool squads, and honestly its soo cool
@realBradStaggs @RealRonPhillips @Mojo50Radio @DocThompsonShow From yesterday: so Brad had a school bully in the 5th grade that gave him wedgies?!? That REALLY explains a lot... #WhatILearnedToday #MoJo50Radio
Its one of them daily dramas so i think its gonna run up to 60+ episodes. But without spoiling anything the main story is about a high school girl who gets bullied at school everyday &amp; then she makes a pact with a boy she meets online to commit suici*e together :/
There are black black people being shot down in public, children who got lynched by their bullies and never faced a say in court, dying in school while the faculty covers if up. Black men &amp; women with mental health issues being locked in prison instead recieve proper help.
FACTS! Black trans girls more than deserve that high fashion runway too. ALL the fashion weeks! And not just cause designers or companies like @VictoriasSecret had to be bullied into hiring trans women after they’ve made such transphobic remarks. MAKE IT THE NORM! Representation!
So today I learned that the girl who voices Angelica from Hamilton graduated from my high school and when she attended here she used to get bullied by how her voice sounds. So that’s cool ig
To be fair number 11 seems like the kind of girl that would have bullied me in high school #SASWhoDaresWins
That new projector reoccurring fake tweet is about to be on the same level as that Bella girl who lost weight after guys in high school bullied her
Why did I have a dream that I kissed the girl who bullied me in high school...
Looks like it would bully me in middle school or it looks like a kid who would say “butt” and think their dirty minded, do I make sense?!!
I feel like there needs to be more recognition that people with ~~good politics~~ can also be awful toxic friends and acquaintances. I definitely knew people in my uni activism days who had absolutely grown politically but were still the same merciless bullies from grade school
Was almost uncomfortable viewing man, like a school bully
Something about my middle school bullies getting exposed as racists really brightened up my day
100% the girls who bullied me &amp; my friends in middle/high school who act like the second clip online now
Don't worry Mr Ambassador @usembassyharare , we thank you for your support against these real thugs. Just like the school bully they try intimidate us, one day we will push back.
Says the guy who wrote Carrie- an unpopular bullied high-school girl who uses her newly discovered telekinetic powers to exact revenge on those who torment her. IT- tormenting, killing children. Ummm....have any mirrors in that big old mansion of yours?
I’ve known a girl when I was in high school who literally bullied a girl for being bi and now she’s all over Twitter w the “she / her and the pride flag” like error 404 .
i hate my whole middle school class they were like let’s all bully the gay kid
@SpeakerPelosi Your comments about POTUS and COVID prove you have NO clue. No child going to school is at zero risk. Buses crash, bullies bully, other viruses infect and mental health issues abound in the young. Yet you falsely harp on an irrational claim for political reasons.
bullying in real life high school was almost always deserved unlike the bullying you see in movies, the only people in my school that got bullied were rude to girls or were super disruptive in class
Kids learn the bullying we see in schools, from adults. Look at politics, trashy magazines, and social media. And then adults bully kids by acting like they’ve been setting an example and kids just need to do better. SocIetY iS sOo WeIrD. hoW dID tHis All HapPen.
kiera allen reminds me of this specific girl from my old high school who bullied me. i aint forget about you lorena i aint forget
The cops? The bad ones are just high school bullies that never grew up. Some are racist and some are just mean. The good ones get fired for speaking up. The rest are just as complicit as the bad cops for keeping quiet.
Cause the girl who bullied you in high school got married and these were their vows
i’m cackling bc someone said these look like the girls that bullied them in high school and wow i FEEL !!!!
I never got bullied in high school but I was depressed I wasn’t nobody’s favorite cup of tea that’s why I will never forget them 3 girls I mentioned they made me feel nice cause they ain’t care I was weird in high school my style wasn’t that cute my glow up ain’t
If you're having problems with the school bully, try faking your own death.
This is true. He looks like he was one of those bullies in high school that raped girls when they passed out. Moved on to college and bullied and assaulted their teammates, and then joined the police force to kill people. That's what he looks like.
remember that girl you bullied in high school? well she just rejected eternal life in heaven out of spite for you and is on her way to k!ll that girl you went roller skating with and turn her into an android
Were you bullied in high school by girls ?
I love the first ball, up until Sidney goes all high school bully on her. I love the moment right before they start dancing and you know there's something there. #SaveSanditon #SanditonPBS #Sanditon
Turns out bullying doesn't go away after high school. The only difference now is, instead of being bullied by the popular pretty mean girls, it's the fat, old trolls doing the bullying.
just thinking about me going back to school makes me cry i hate it there so much everyone there hates me and bullies me for nothing :(
the girl who bullied me in high school posting feminist posts on her story how embarrassing
Just ran into this girl that was with me in high school and I asked her why she bullied me back then and she said "I had a crush on you but I didn't know how to express myself" lol bruh I looked like a nerd in high school, why would anyone have a crush on a ugly ass nerd .
The boy who bullied me in middle school came back now in high school and acted like nothing happened, I didn’t want any drama too so I did the same but the mother fucking keeps asking me if girls he thinks are hot likes him and asking for my help, Uh uh brotha help yourself out.
men & women reject anti male feminist misandry from gold digger Cortez. She acts like a cry baby in the school yard, blaming the bully boy with lies promoting herself &amp; motivating bias against the boy &amp; all boys-this is hate crime she does to all men @POTUS @CNN @HouseDemocrats
By the numbers: "21% of girls in middle and high school reported being bullied online or by text message in the 2016-17 school year, compared with less than 7% of boys"
Can you say that you forgiven your school bully ?
ONE DIRECTION ARE BULLIES HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES
Nah I really felt this. I had friends who I fell off with after 5+ years of putting up with bs. During our friendship they became friends with a group of girls who bullied me basically all throughout high school, it was like a slap in the face.
if ur 13+ i’m not gonna bully u for being on here but like, i’m fifteen and i don’t think i should be on here. it’s a really toxic environment for minors, it’s literally like if high school and middle school took all their drama and compacted it for adults to have fun with
He can’t and shouldn’t bully schools to reopen. We already fund schools through local taxes,let localities make these decisions. I for one don’t want to fund parents who send children to private schools, because schools don’t open immediately to meet their needs. .
UC riverside is a bottom tier school
No, it’s not only about the tweets, she bullied black girls in high school saying they didn’t belong. Imagine your whole teenage life being excluded because of the color of your skin. That’s sick.
The fools that put them in power probably loved that elementary school bully tactic.
girls who bullied me in elementary school and middle school are 19 still in high school or with children..... I love to see it
Can this narrative of "Taylor was a mean girl in high school" narrative be put to rest now? The girl was straight up BULLIED for wanting to be famous in middle and high school.
A school shooting isn’t fighting back it’s murder. And they didn’t even go after their supposed bullies they went after innocent people you literal clown.
is it rude of me to say that i kind of hate how harry styles is now a 'hype' in my school and every girl listens to him while they used to bully one directions fans? i'm one of the only one with concert tickets and everyone was rude af to me at first but they're all jealous now
If you mean Mr. Trump, Pastor, then I guess I agree. I wish politics NEVER existed. Bullies in a school yard brawl. That's all I see.
My son B’Day and daughter Lemonade will bully Sasha at school
One of my friends was stalked by a Matt. Does that count? Also I was bullied in high school by a Matt whom then got caught sleeping with a 14 year old girl when he was like 17. She might’ve been 13, I don’t remember.
I want her to bully me, i want her to come to my school , shove my head into toilet and bully me, please
They're doing the classic school bully behavior. Doing all they can to get people in trouble and get away with it by pointing fingers at the innocent and trying to play the blame game.
And the girl that bullied me ended up going to my high school and apologized a million times for everything growth
I'm mentally strong it was bad when they had my kid and were letting her be abused. The day comes when a bully picks on someone who will fight comeback and win. I liked smashing bullies when I was young at school picked on for being a "yank" or a "ding"
one of the girls that bullied me to the point of having to go to therapy in high school’s been sharing stuff about mental health and kindness again
When the girl that bullied you in high school for being chunky is starting to get fat&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; karma is a bitch, bitch
Vanity was busy beating up some cops. Why was she beating up those cops? Well, she was bored and had nothing else to do. She REALLY needed to brutally fuck something later that day.
Coward and selfish person, yes. But then, this same coward and selfish person lost his crush (probably the only girl he has ever fallen in love with) to his high school tormentor. James and his gang bullied that guy to the point of him losing his self-esteem.
I was bullied in 6th grade for the first time for being bad at speaking Spanish, but like, I wasn’t even that bad at it? anyways the girls who made fun of me hit high school and immediately hit rock bottom so ....
Facts lol girl I got bullied so bad in high school and even a little in college because I’ve always been small but when I told one girl she was built like my Texas dream home, everybody said I was fat-shaming like fam
Can you imagine what kind of bully he must have been in school towards others?
The whole mean girl in high school makes me laugh because people really think they’re special for being bullied as if we didn’t all come home crying at some point
those girls who bullied you in middle/high school? yeah, those don’t go away. sadly, they will always exist, no matter how old you are.
it’s so funny to me watching guys who literally bullied me for being the quiet, nerdy girl in high school hmu and try and spit game now that i’m attractive af
So 35 years later, the girl who bullied me and got me in trouble in high school tried to friend me on Facebook. Ummmm Hard pass bltch. Does she have amnesia?
This confirms EVERYTHING I ever suspected . “ ppl change “ no they don’t . Bullies NEVER change . all the mean girls who bullied me in high school are still the same catty ppl - only thing that changed is they not girls anymore they women
I KNOW there is a correlation to girls who listen to call her daddy and girls who bullied people in high school
#RakshaBandhan #Rakhi #Rakhi2020 #LockdownRakhi #trubro My sis @smriti_in2010 is my best sister n brother coz she loves me more than anything. Once in school one boy snatched my pen and my sister broke his leg and said don't bully my sis again. Join @sd12dec @Seemajain515
He really can’t do anything correctly, can he? Ivanka could’ve helped him get the tone right. I’m sure she successfully bullied heaps of smart girls during high school.
girls i went to high school with that wanna be nurses and CNA’s scare me like you bullied the fuck outta me and other people but oh, now you wanna help someone? more importantly their life??? you ruined mine??? ew scary
It's really weird seeing the girls that bullied me in high school become things like teachers and nurses "Hi yes can I have a different nurse, this one called me a fat slut in high school"
Look who turned into a champion for reopening the schools! If you’re so confident in them, reopen them or sit down. Private virtual schools literally have zero mass shootings, no bullies, no abusive teachers, and aren’t plague-infested death prisons for children. “Spin away.”
*im* my high school bully
not @my secondary school bully being praised for embracing feminity and wearing skirts and being an lgbt "ally" when this man bullied me and my friends for being queer
my gran just bullied me!
That bully girl reminds me of my first GF. I was starting high school and was around 11-12. Yho Beauty straight up told me I was her BF. She was built like that girl. That was the last time I was bullied at school through those stupid initiations. She used to beat up boys
girls who bullied me in high school are highs now and im universe
I wish all the ugly bitches who bullied me in high school were on twitter. Would love to @them with a “remember when u &amp; ur girls tried to jump me &amp; cut my hair in the B block girls toilets because I asked u to stop calling me nigger bitch? Lol”
I’ve known for years that I liked girls but I got bullied by my ex in high school and then only found boys to date. The biggest pro of this break up is that I’m finally confident enough and strong enough to publicly date woman. Oo I can’t wait
How about if we got different girls on the bachelor shows? Girls w short hair, bigger or even colored hair? Girls who weren't in pageants &amp; obviously bullied every1 in high school? Girls with full on tattooed sleeves &amp; piercings! Girls who are actually confidant! Let's do better!
“ ...neither... oh!! you must have been my bully from middle school! it’s been so long, you even got better at your threats! “ chuckle!
Its okay!;w; pls dont worry , if you didn't know you didbt know so its okay. Basically I hate family guy, lmao. And sometimes when I was in school bullies would do the dumb "shut up, meg" thing and I hate it and that dumb show alot,,that the story ^^; I'm not upset or angry!!
i was bullied pretty much until high school. but one significant thing I remember was coming back to school in 5th grade wearing a mask bc I was rlly sick and every1 called me disease girl and wouldn’t hang w me bc they thought they’d get it. :) I had meningitis.
Alex feels like his life is ruined Starting a new school mid-year with no friends and a bully teasing him about being gay wasn’t his idea, but when his outlandish teacher assigns him a dragon as a pen pal it may start an adventure that can turn Alex’s life around. #SFFpit #MG #FA
Dear Luca, I’m sorry to hear about the bullies at your school who are making you feel so sad. What a horrible thing to happen. Here’s Ted saying he thinks you’re smashing x
Growing out of bitterness from being bullied in youth has brought me the same joy you mention through bonds with my best gals. Since high school and university my closest friends have been women and it stays true. Proud to bring my girls with me along for any growth 2020 brings!
Tje clps on peel scholl dont care abt cyber bullies or discrimination or school matters that leads to multiple acts of violance being recorded and commit
Now that’s how cartoon characters stand up to school bullies! Way to go Slappy and Skippy!
me: I will never engage with my school bullies ever again because the trauma they inflicted still affects me to this very day them: omg hi I love your picture - how've you been?! me: oH mY GoD hI LoVEly, sO gOoD tHaNK yoU, hOw aRe yOu?!
An old high school bully slid in my DMs again, I LOVE this song!!
I've often heard people say, that compared to the schools in the west; we don't have a culture, where students mentally &amp; emotionally harass/abuse, bully, character assassinate, pass sexist comments &amp; torture each other. Hmm. Right, because we've got teachers for that. :)
The feds provide about 8 percent of public school budgets. Bully threats.
Now im cackling over high school bully shit tell me your funniest bully stories looking back. I used to get called Fishtwat, one time a girl threw an uncrustable at me, I remember first moving to Glenford &amp; going to Sheridan
Hello I will explain. ok so basically Kurt had to change schools bc of a bully. so in this new school he met Blai… — jskkskdkd so much i fo to fit into a prompt but i will try
Bullys are typically scared stupid uneducated idiots who can’t reason so “they bully”....the left can’t survive bully tactics! Never works for kids in high school
What’s that saying I hate? High school never ends. The bullies pretend to be the victims.
Ubisoft Quebec was a bad scene it was like being bullied in middle school, except bullies in middle school don't wield an HR department like a club with nails.
Drugs, they really lying out the front of their teeth about her being a bully in high school when they don't even have any proof and most likely never went to high school with her they are delusional
Mad Dashers session 29. We K.O. the guards & rescue a mareep without any trouble. Playing it cool, everyone goes out to do “normal” things. Echo goes back to school, reuniting with friends and bullies, resulting in punting a child. Now we plan a revolution. #pokemon #dnd #doodles
Is there anything more satisfying than finding out that the girl who bullied you in high school has really shitty eyebrows now?
So, in return the girl getting bullied by thousands of people is better?? Probably better ways to go about this than turning into the high school mean girls.
girls that bullied me in high school are constantly in my dms about motherhood as if i forgot how they treated me and i’m just supposed to be nice. i hate it here.
didnt you bully me in middle school
Does anyone else remember when we bullied a girl out of high school because we thought she was an official narc?
When I was popular in third grade a mean girl asked me why I had so many friends and I said, "I'm just nice to people, I guess." She later left for two years, came back, became popular, and she and her friends bullied me! It was a super fun time in junior high.
Seeing girls who bullied me in high school caption their insta photos with “I could be your goth GF” and then preach about how being a nursing major makes them such a good person
I just want u to know if ur a girl who bullied me in high school when I really needed even one person to just be my friend and u think we’re good now we aren’t unless you’ve actually apologized to me
I got targeted on the bus in high school after sticking up for some girls that were being bullied by a guy in our grade. I regret a lot of things in my life - but that isn’t one of them. Be vocal about shitty humans when you see them being shitty.
Stop acting like you have some moral high ground, I could say the same that you’re following someone who abused and bullied a 17 year old girl, clearly you’re glorifying abuse and say it’s ok, that’s disgusting
Ikkkkkk like wtfff whyy like this is somebody i would bully in school for saying he likes white women cause they quiet
That's funny because I thought about the mean girl things too I figure she was bullied in high school for being a dweeb. She's the revenge of the decorating committee.
I was the only Jewish girl at a Catholic grade school and was regularly mocked for it with terms I don’t want to repeat (not to mention physically bullied). I went on to a public high school where I was one of a few white kids and the worst thing I heard anyone refer to me as...
'Obesity is the fault of pe teachers and schools, they alienate children' How do you propose you fix it then? You must have a feeling about what they did so wrong and how you would go about encouraging children to participate rather than allegedly bully them. Propose it.
Of course. Who wouldn’t want their high school bully to help them through an episode?
Every girl that bullied you in high school is now sitting in a house with 4 Christmas inflatables on her front lawn.
when i see the straight white girls who bullied me in middle and high school wearing doc martens it makes me so mad. like fuck you take those off. u didn’t earn them
for shopping at value village in jr high. just saw the girl who bullied me for it post a thrift haul on her ig story &lt;3
"why am I being bullied" Hun, you're offending the Royale High Community, this is just some stupid account made to bully others, and a 14 year old girl who died of blood cancer. now if i were you, I would delete this whole account if you dont wanna start getting death threats.
tbh only the girls that bullied me in high school had vsco accounts
Enjoy The Joker causing mayhem in the witty comedy 'The Elementary School Bully'
Worst, my one art teacher from high school tried to convince the whole class that there's no such thing as autism and to bully kids who said that had it. That teacher did get fired years later but it was for a different reason.
kpop twitter is like high school bullies
It's what happens when the school bully with C's and D's gets into politics. Worthless.
You seem like the kind of girl that bullied the weird kids in high school and karma has caught up wit you — no i was the weird kids
MY SISTER SAID THAT MIDDLE SCHOOL KAGEYAMA LOOKS LIKE THE BULLY FROM THE KARATE KID AND I CANT-
They all look the way my middle school bullies look like now, I--
I'm the same thing,I was too bullied in middle school for being"weird"and especially in 8th grade because i had a big crush on this girl and then I was pretty promiscuous/sexually active in the 11th+12th grade of high school,now Im approaching a $100K+ net worth at the age of 28
I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
Don’t worry y’all he just mad his weak ass YouTube channel ain’t going nowhere. Former school shooter yo
The thing with narcissism is insecurity. They’re the type to be bullies in school, and belittle others.
Identify your bullies to your mum or someone at school- don’t let them away with it!
LA fans had big high school bully energy
just found out the girl who was sort of my friend ???? but lowkey bullied and shamed me in high school works in retail and is majoring in graphic design, which is all fine and good but she always put me down for not being as smart as her and bragged about how she’d be a lawyer
He looks like he is about to dribble them all one after the other like that high school bully.
SHUT DOWN THE SCHOOLS!!!
I'm about to bully a student named Catkin cause that's the name of the furry kid in high school.
my elementary school bully will say “i should’ve been nicer” i just know it
Before you all attack her for her looks. There is an Extremely High chance that this girl is being cyber bullied and her account was hacked. She went from 1 post a month and little to no activity since 2014 with no racists posts. To 10 racists post/hr all in 24 hrs
Being 6 feet tall in like, middle school. Having big boobs (not bullied but harassment!). Being open about liking girls during middle and high school
@the girls from my high schools who bullied me/hated me/wanted to fight me for no reason/called me daddy long legs trying to break my self esteem. You are lowkey obsessed with me and you look so dumb now sweetie.
I got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents I was being bullied &amp; and we moved
Big and Little Walder definitely have “private school bully" vibes though
People ask if I was bullied about my weight in high school and it’s like yeah... I remember one time this girl Holly called me a fatso in the hallway but then I yelled back “at least I didn’t lose my virginity in a Chili’s bathroom” so I don’t know if that counts.
It brings me weird joy to have more followers and more hit tweets than the popular girls who bullied me in high school
Umm... Tik Tok? These standards have been around since... Idk like forever? I guess the doctor who called me chubby when I was 10, or the girls who bullied me in high school were both using Tik Tok before it was invented. Lol
i carried a Pikachu everywhere and wore a corset for a whole year because of scoliosis, current me would bully tf out of middle school me
girls who bullied you in high school be like: why doesn’t everyone just try being KIND to others
And now it just depends which party he belongs to. They never liked the cut of Jeremy's anorak. The sort thing a school bully would pick on. Meanwhile the rich clique do as they please.
well. ONE of my high school bullies
U can buy any video game at any age STUPID 😂😂
This girl I went to high school with put under a post about bullying that she was bullied "for being white" BY WHO?
aw look its the girls who bullied me in high school &lt;3
Hey InkBuns now bully Thot to dress up in a school swimsuit
can't wait for the next gen of high school bully-turned-nurses to endlessly talk about how they know everything about the virus
THIS JUST SOUNDS LIKE THE SCHOOL NEEDS TO INTERVENE AND MANAGE CHILDREN BETTER TF
@BuzzAldrinMS This is shameful. Why allow a culture of racism and bullying go unchecked within yo ur school? This culture has left a black student traumatized. When will hold the racist bullies accountable?
Is it because those bullies in school beat you until your face looks like that? Is that why you say things like this Elon?
having gone to high school in LA means I cannot go to any website to buy any bra without a girl who bullied me being the model in the photo wearing the bra
I wish those parties NEVER existed! BULLIES IN A SCHOOL YARD BRAWL! THAT'S ALL I SEE! NOTHING PEACEFUL!
Centrist Dems, especially the ones over 60, seem to be stuck in a pathological high school clique mentality where the Republicans are the "cool kids" they need to suck up to and the left are the outcasts that THEY get to bully and mistreat to score points with the cool kids.
No, def, if you like smug bullies who’ve had a hankering for an American brand of theocratic fascism since high school, he’s your guy.
Rebecca Black Forced to Be Homeschooled Due to School Bullying … http://t.co/fIeKRXI
i will beat their ass along w my bullies in middle school too, i WILL avenge us
just found out one of my middle school’s bullies is now pregnant
i see this once every month like if we went to school together id prolly bully yall shut up
i’m sorry you kids never got to bw the bully you wished you could be in school &amp; have to resort to calling yourselves “exclus” now. get better soon.
this is how the girl who bullied everyone in high school decorates her house.
I too was bullied by a girl everyday at school from 2nd grade threw high school. Being shy, I never fought back. I'm definitely a stronger person today. I've never forgotten her. Kindness is best.
One styled on me, One bullied me, One was the QB, One was Class President, One dated a girl I almost hooked up that's how shitty Homecoming was in High School
Typical China, bullying the world and when the world reacts it threatens them with consequences like a school yard bully, when it is the one starting everything and in the wrong.
I know this is going to sound terrible but I love seeing the girls that bullied me in high school with multiple kids from dead beat bds. Like girl if you woulda just been nice in bio maybe this wouldn’t have happened
The same person who sexually assaulted me in high school is one of my bosses. We got into an argument and he told a higher up. I told the head boss that this person used to bully me and I was told that he is still my boss, that I need to respect him, and that it was 20 yrs ago.
Thin skinned and still a school boy, he's like most bullies, good at dishing it out but can't take it at all! He can say goodbye to his seat at the next election, his constituents have had it with him, his lack of substance &amp; never ending childish stunts have sealed his fate!
These girls bullied me in high school.
Bullied because I was a bookworm, because I couldn't speak nor read Arabic properly and also in my teen because I was not feminine enough compared to other girls in my high-school
How I’ve felt since girls bullied me in high school for speaking out. It’s been 4 years and it still doesn’t feel normal.
But teachers & all school workers &amp; students must start school ASAP or else bully Trump threatens to cut off $to schools. How stupid do you think we are? We know how depraved &amp; craven Trump is. Trump &amp; every single @GOP Senator except @MittRomney = missing the "care" gene.
why does this remind me of the movies/tv shows where the high school bullies would shove their victim’s head in the toilet? it looks like it #smackdown
tb to those girls who bullied me in earth science for putting on makeup, one of them is now a horse girl and the other one dropped out of high school to work at a 3star restaurant :)
No girl in high school has ever been bullied because of their height.
this is some petty middle school bully shit
The strip club Yuchiro works at isn’t very far from the school she goes to. Because of this, her bullies soon found out about her jobs as a stripper and a prostitute. They blackmailed her into giving them lap dances and rough sex for free. In exchange, her jobs remain a secret.
Trying to seem like the bullied girl in high school and made herself a suspect
that one time this girl bullied me in high school and said i was ugly so i fucked her bf of 2 years
essential oils: - sold by girls who bullied u in high school - def a pyramid scheme - overpriced air fresheners CBD oils: - help anxiety and sleep probably - delicious in gummy form - endorsed by morgan freeman
Find it hysterical how a girl I went high school with is an influencer and posted about ‘lighting it up blue’ on Autism day despite the fact she bullied an autistic girl the whole way through school and has blatantly done no research because autism sp*ks is NOT autism friendly
me too but we have double seats and im a girl so in my school girls MUST sit with a boy so the boy doesnt behave like the little shit he is and the one i sat next to for 2 years is the class clown, the bully, the player, the popular one and my life is hell
First Impression I thought you were a smol lil girl prolly in high school early years rn getting bullied
i got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied &amp; we moved
Barr is a bully; always has been. Ask his classmates at Horace Mann School in NYC.
Getting a strong Skynyrd vibe here
Now what about the girl back in high school who bullied me ABOUT my ed?
uh this girl who I was friends with in elementary school, bullied by in middle school, and then she became “nice” in high school apparently transferred to villanova and is now DMING ME like omg girl I’m gonna be like ten minutes from you we should hang out
As I think back on High School I remember that many of the students had one thing to say about the Bullies and the Hoods and that was "He'll either become a Cop or a Crook" and the only reason to be a Cop was so he could get away with alot more stuff. Sorry to the good Cops!
guys my primary school bully said the n word HAHAHAHA fuck them bitches
Most of them aren’t even here for BTS but to live out their high school bully fantasy.
What about the parents saying “I’m not going to let the school bully my kid into wearing a mask and social distancing.” Are those kids going to be kicked out? The schools need to let parents know that non compliance won’t be tolerated. Otherwise opening up will be unsuccessful.
I got bullied a lot in grade school, jump forward to high school when my art was good enough to do photo realistic portraits and bullies suddenly wanted art of their girl friends... yeah told a lot of people "NO", good times.
if she had thicker eyebrows she would just look like a girl who bullied you in high school and is now a Goth Gf uwuwuwuwuw
10/10 would let u bully me in school
My high school reunion was last night. No masks No social distancing I showed my husband the video and a girl popped up. "She bullied me in high school." Husband: well...she's not going to be well soon probably." I took heart long ago when she ended up being trash.
“She didn’t want you to know that she broke her nose, protecting a friend from a bully at school” He said with a sigh, as they continued to walk together. “I rechecked it, and it’s healed up. It’s still a bit sore tho”
sounds like the school yard bully taunting someone. how sickening you are.
Bullies need to be called out. Your Luca is worth ten of each of them. Very important that the school, and the education authority, are made aware and reminded that this is both a criminal matter and one for which they could be held liable.
The actress who played Spirit used to bully one of my best friends from college when they were in high school because she's lightskinned, lmao!
Unless ofcourse DT bullies the FDA into approving a vaccine before it’s proven effective and safe so that it’s fast tracked to come out before the election. If he can bully CDC to change recommendations for return to school, he will do it to FDA as well.
they are conducting orgies in middle schools and reducing the age of consent to 14, so if we said something they'd call us lame and nerds and bully us and call us gay. AND THEY DID while everyone turned their backs and got PAID. Now look at what's happening. Happy now?
Oddly enough, I was cyber-bullied for being too nice. Weird right? Especially in a time like high school. It was always she must be slut, she’s “too friendly” with all the boys, what is she trying to hide. Girls were awful in high school.
@elonmusk is a school bully. Go do your deposition you cowardice POS.
e girls and e boys are the type of people who bullied me in high school for being emo lmao
No she was the bullied girl in high school with the hygiene problems and is now trying to be a bully herself.
school is a bully
“Hey girl, I know I bullied you in high school but do you want to buy some of these diet pills?”
One kid at my high school was bullied for being a CREEP. Said he watched GOT for BEWBS. Pointed at girls asses behind their backs. No one talked to him cause he was weird0/cringy and ppl would talk shit about him. Bullying works sometimes
They look like ppl I'd bully in middle school
like i don’t doubt that tall girls get bullied to some extent in high school.. bc high school kids suck! but they exaggerate it so much at the start only to later ignore it and totally focus on how everyone finds her hot, transforming her dilemma to “which boy do i date!?”
People who have relatively high levels of narcissism are 20% more likely to bully than those with low levels, a recent analysis showedMUST READ FOR SCHOOL KIDSWHO GET BULLIED BY SCHOOL YARD BULLIES. WISH I DID WHEN....
When I was a junior in high school there were a few girls a year below me that refused to stand and do the pledge of allegiance. Most people, including myself, made fun of them and judged them for “not being patriotic”. I’m sure they were bullied and ostracized for their choice.
And my brother is soper luky to have me bcos he gets bullied at school and my brother age is 15 btw and I'm 11 and i dont get bullied but i rip the bullies guts i took care of them no on mess weth me or my big brother but i qant yo know way am i stronger the my big bro ???
I would love to see them create an Iron Man TV Championship and have him win/defend on all 3 brands w/ old school TV time limit rules. Guaranteed great match every Mon-Wed-Fri.
my type is girls who bullied me or I wish had bullied me in high school
The best thing about renting is that the type of girl who bullied you in high school is now your real estate agent.
The entitled, thick school bully....
Always interesting seeing who from your high school got together after graduation. Just found out a girl that bullied gay kids is dating a guy who has a mommy kink and likes to get pegged
But, interestingly, there are also a lot of studies (albeit, less discussed) that actually find high-quality friendships to *exacerbate* the mental health problems of bullied kids--particularly for girls. Why would having a supportive friend make things worse for victims? (3/6)
TikTok is just full of girls who would defo have bullied me at high school, I don't like it there
feel that I got kinda fucked up by getting severely bullied in school. what is the best kind of revenge on my old bullies?
PSA to bullies worldwide: Please reconsider administering that wedgie in the school playground. Dinesh D'Souza exemplifies the result we have to suffer.
3 boys from school who didn’t necessarily bully me but were still complete fucking knobheads have a podcast and I’m listening to it LMAO they are so tory it’s unreal I can’t believe how middle class the ppl at my school were despite the school being absolute shite
I’m sorry you had that happen. Look at you now Some girls are awful. My daughter was bullied in high school. She’s 21 and still suffers affects from it. Jealousy is an awful thing. Being pretty can get you bullied very quickly. So proud of what these kids did!!
Wait nah more like girls who bullied other girls in high school
Hey all, so I wanna have a small talk with u all. No hate no nothing. First of all vrc does have a toxic community, it use to be nice and now its like a never ending of high school bullies. Ppl call u clout chasers and all this other stuff. I maybe friends with big streamers
Matt Gaetz is like every bully I ever met in high school and university.
Life advice I wish I could give my younger self;- -Listen to those who love you. -The opinions of your bullies in school will mean less than nothing when you leave. -Endure. It WILL get better. -Don't undermine what you are capable of. -Sometimes it's fine to be a 'princess'.
Girls who watch grey's anatomy bullied me in high school
In the space of a week I've had 5 lads from Secondary school message me. The same 5 lads that wouldn't look twice at me back then and used to bully me
they look like high school bullies about to fuck some nerd up
I think nursing has a particular brand. A unique combo of being underpaid + disrespected + in a position of control over vulnerable people, combined with... what I can only describe as the mentality of those horrible girls in high school that bullied everyone but were popular.
So you hate ARMY bullying you and decide to bully a ROOKIE GROUP that has nothing to do with ARMY or their fandom? Smart. Are you in fucking high school, because that is some 15 yr old mentality.
On this hallowed Mean Girls day, I would like to remind my 10 fans that my high school bio teacher Mr. Evans nicknamed me “Mean Girl” because I actively bullied my best friends in his class
Also the reason I mentioned this is bc there’s a gay girl who’s bullied by who was supposed to be her best friend/girlfriend but then they got to high school lol
I was bullied by two black girls in high school cause I was tall and lanky. I know how you feel.
omg this girl literally bullied me all throughout high school...fitting that this is what she’s come to
We'll be sharing 16 stories from people in Austin about their experience bridging differences with someone else. We begin with Avani Chhaya, who writes about the bullying she faced in grade school — and how she ultimately came to understand her bully.
The bully’s in the first 5 minutes of the “after school special” episode of SPN are MEAN. Like geez.
my existence is a wet dream for middle school bullies
Really makes me wana post her instagram bc she really is so pretty but like the meanest girl I’ve encountered at this age. Legit felt like I was being bullied in high school again. Fuck that bitch.
I have In middle school i slapped my bully once lolll
Bullied in high school , told everyday by all the girls that I was the ugliest dorkiest guy they ever meet. I never went to homecoming or prime because any girl I asked laughed at me or said “ Are u serious I’d rather die”. But u get my point this was my life growing up.
she looks like the typical girl that would bully me in middle school
I think you may have it backwards. These were the bullies in school. It’s why I consider the anti bullying movement a complete failure.
It doesn’t matter who it comes from, discrimination of any sort will only slow down the progress of the human race. Everything from the long lasting rivalry between the United States and Russia to your middle school bully can all be affects of discrimination of any magnitude.
one of my high school bullies stares at me in awe at the gym &amp; still hasn’t changed one bit
Hahahahahahahaha! You guys had a high school bully?
Wholeheartedly agree. I see minute signs of it from Pelosi but shit. Balsam wood or a 2x4!learned early in grade school the best way to deal with bullies is to punch them in the nose we’ve let the bullies frame the argument 2 long. Thanks Reagan Fairness Doctrine anyone?
I hope more Americans will follow the account of Jimmy Lohman @JamesCLohman1, who defends the underdogs in our country, and experienced going to school with racist, bully Barr.
Elsewhere...bullies back to picking on "real geeks"
Ofc it’s always “omg what did i say that was wrong educate me” and never “I’m gonna do the decent thing and educate myself before opening my mouth” ? Reminds me of those middle school bullies who would use being gay to get out of trouble 4 treating other ppl lik shyt
I just know she bullied girls in high school
Being bullied by other girls in high school really left a bad taste in my mouth so when I see other women pick on and insult my friends, I want to RAGE!!! #holdmypoodle
Altar'd State feels like if you let your mean, nursing-student, high school bully take over a forever 21 and sell you 40$+ planners
FSJHSJFH REMEMBER THE GIRL THAT GOT A MAKEOVER AND YELLED AT US IN THE HIGH SCHOOL BECAUSE WE BULLIED HER
So after they take that classs , they still bully? #Smh! Oh fuck no! They got the Lil'Girl :O #nowimmad!! ]:&lt;
To the girl that bullied me in high school who keeps posting her tik tok’s on her story... Yes I’m making fun of you with my mother
lrt i hate that video so much. it reminds me of all the girls who bullied me from elementary to high school who made fun of disabled students constantly talked about wanting to be nurses or therapists.
Why did you bully kids into taking a gun to school and profit from fame ?
THESE ARE BULLIES these are high school fucking BULLIES
#6 [1/3] “Pitch Perfect” (38.7%) Dan you are a BULLY!!!! (gabbie h*nna voice) HIGH SCHOOL FFIUFJFJKIJGNG BULLY!!!!
I was a dance major. I was studying sports nutrition on a campus in "not the best area" & decided it wasn't safe for me. I also volunteered to attend a "magnet" high school for racial integration. Bad idea. I was bullied by girls of color would surround me. I had to quit. 1990's
#AnimalCrossing The girl who used to be bullied showing up to the high school reunion like:
Middle/high school Tawnie might’ve been lowkey bullied for loving One Direction, but 22 year old Tawnie will openly admit to being a Directioner for 10 years. 1D is good, people just want to shame teen girls for liking things #10YearsOf1D
Taylor swift sending my celebrity high school bully a cardigan in the mail is not something i thought would be on my 2020 bingo card
I bullied myself for not looking like the other girls in high school. My body didn't mature till I was 19 after HS. I was the friend with no boobs, hips, butt or any curves. I was flat as paper. I kept telling myself I had a skinny muscle boy body. I was my own bully.
I actually had that happen to me. Girl bullied me since Kindergarten and finally as a Junior in High School said, "Did it ever occur to you I did it because I LIKE you?" I was flabbergasted. I responded, "No one that treats me the way you do should claim to like that person."
Oh god, not more.... At the last race, we learned he had been bullied at school, occasionally. Well bully for him, joining the human race and all that. Can’t we just race?!
I am getting sick of the so called journalists on the Today show getting people on the show to ridicule them and then tut tut and turn them off mid sentence. Those are the tactics of bitchy school yard bullies. But at the same time they give Paddy Gibson as much time as he wants.
Transgender teen bullied for using girl’s locker room - WQAD Moline: Transgender teen bullied for using girl’s locker room WQAD Moline Being a transgender teen at Galesburg High School, Ali Mcdorman, always knew she would eventually encounter hate.…
How’s he not you talking bollocks I could say Jesse from little mix isn’t a good person cause she was a bully in school and shit from their past not hard so keep it down you talking utter shite
accidentally stumbled upon the Facebook page of the girl who severely bullied me freshman year of high school that pushed me to a suicide attempt. I looked through her page and saw that she was happy and I’m happy for her. No resentment.
@shadygrooove my poor kids were victimized in their schools...teachers AND principles bullies them worse than students. In 9 th and 4 th grade!!!
All the single dads of the girls who bullied me in high school are in my moms dms begging to take her on a date... just had to throw that out there.
You know, you can just refuse to go to school.
Imo weight has nothing to do with who gets bullied or not. Bullying isn't physical in most cases, psychological bullying/mental abuse doesn't care about your weight. Most fat kids gets bullied in school and they could crush their bullies theoretically. Agree to disagree
Every friend I had in middle school and high school were only my “friends” because they couldn’t bully me and I wasn’t scared of them and the other half was friends with me cause they was scared of the hoes I was friends with
C Battery @High School Bully; 9 Volt @Cowboys Fans; AA @a Mummer in Blackface
Insanity is waking up and finding out that the girl who bullied you in junior high forgot big reasons why you were friends in elementary.
there has to be some correlation between girls who bullied in high school and registered nurses bro i swear to god they’re all either social media influencers or registered nurses every god damn one
Agree about earth cycles. Man has impacted nature in the last 100 years. The point about Greta Thunberg: Trump, a 73 year old powerful Man, chose to bully a girl because she received the attention he craved. She was already bullied at school.
can’t believe i used to get bullied high school &amp; called a slag for “ wearing a push up bra “ but those same girls who bullied me are now the ones who have there tits out all over instagram ...
Aye throwback to the time when a girl talked me into going back to high school small group after being bullied really badly, only to have the girl then tell everyone your private info you shared in confidence in small group
schools really think that by saying “don’t bully” they’ll end bullying and then when bullying happens they blame the victims for the whole thing
I got a girl pregnant In high school an i told my parents i was getting bullied and we moved
And then everyone stood up and applauded, and your high school bully came out of the crowd to apologize too. It was all such a scene
Karlie Kloss is the first Webster Groves High School alumni to be the subject of Taylor Swift song (album??) which means she beat out my high school bully, the prom queen and myself. High school social status does not matter kids.
So true I used to never have girl friends until now as a mom because girls were so cruel to me in high school I had a few here &amp; there &amp; still speak to a few but I was bullied by those girls so I hung out with guys which only made them more mean so then I stopped giving a
Same here! I got bullied a lot. I remember at one point wanting to go by my middle name. Then in high school girls suddenly started thinking it was cool, because of Roman Brady on Days of our Lives.
And the school systems always blame the victim, letting kids bully others and if the victim protects themself THEY are the aggressors as the other was not physical yet. It's by design prob to keep us mad at each other so we don't get mad at the people richer then God
"Women are gold diggers. They will go back to a guy they once rejected after he starts making more money." Boo hoo. Yall do the same shit. Sliding in the DMs of girls you bullied in high school after she grew up &amp; got fine. Yall just whining bc ur broke &amp;cant handle the pressure
The 'hate group' mantra is manipulative guilt trip bullshit. These are a lot of people from all walks of life that aren't digging mainstream comics. You want to bully, use shaming tactics to get your way, because you wanna be queen bee of the high school.
Nancy Pelosi called the President Mr Make Everything Worse or some such juvenile comment. It’s like Congress is ruled by some grade school playground bully. But, President Trump is making things worse for her socialist agenda and better for liberty and freedom loving Americans.
Why can’t my parents understand that I don’t wanna watch coronation street because the bratty little girls in it remind me of the girls who bullied me in high school x
How about schools? He’s burned every bridge. He cares about no one except his own victim/bully self. Give it up, Chuck.
@NicolleDWallace Why do Republican appointee's to DoJ and FBI seem like pre teen girls. Someone stop this before the whole thing blows up into a real cat fight (sorry.. pre teen girls, but you shouldn't have bullied me in Jr High)
Middle finger to all the school bullies who told me Yoshi's Island wasn't a Mario game. IT'S IN THE TITLE, TIMMY!
I was bullied in middle &amp; high school by older girls. They called me names in the hall, at lunch, laughed- typical mean girl stuff. One met me outside of my class yelling &amp; punched me in the face. No one knew I was in martial arts incase this happened. I sent her to the hospital.
//Going to do a quick nap. I really need it after that long and tiring day. Don't worry, i will reply a bit before falling asleep and i will reply to everything after that nap.
Apparently GOP is headed by the biggest school yard bully of them all DJT.
all the girls who bullied me in middle school and high school have babies, felonies, and ugly boyfriends so
best explanation for these people I've heard is "late bloomer syndrome" probably grew up getting bullied/blown off. grows up, gets hot, gets attention, then goes mad with power now that they can do the same stuff to other people. basically LARPing as a hot mean high school girl
tf i don’t give one of his personality is shit or not i’m just wondering why ur resulting to the shit that middle school bullies do. you can dislike someone w out making fun of their appearance which they were born with
Had a dream I was bullied by a few members of the cast of Girls at my sister’s rehearsal dinner which took place at my high school gymnasium and then they gave me a $10 bill as consolation
Seeing a lot of streamers slating other streamers lately, seriously? You're acting like fucking school kids. Let other streamers act how they want to act and learn on their own without you using your social media to just beg for likes and bully other channels.
Have you seen the one about “the girls who bullied me in high school wedding vows” I DIEDDD
what are you talking about, I am a 26 years old guy whats wrong with someone lets say being bullied in high school, not able to get girls, then gets the willpower, works out, achieves financial success, then does what he couldn't when he was young? he achieved it, good for him
a girl that bullied me all thru high school just messaged me on facebook and asked if she could borrow $20 i’m so confused
Being bullied at school: High-achieving boys use further strategies to maintain masculinity, for example becoming bullies themselves, disrupting the lessons, or devaluing girls’ achievements https://redd.it/e7s7qe #psychology
Girls like this are bullies and will always be bullies, they’ll talk about high school kids even when they’re 30. Irrelevant.
HHELP OH MY GOD SO I WENT OUT AND SAW SOMEONE FROM MY PRIMARY SCHOOL WHO USED TO BULLY ME AND HE WAS LIKE OH ITS *DEADNAME* AND THEN HE JUST STARTED SCREAMING EMO AND GOTH AT ME LIKE YEA THANKS FOR STATING THE OBVIOUS
when i tell you im not surprised, i’m so serious. i remember a time in high school she was making fun of the special ed kids, she always been fucked up. karma is a bitch, girl. should’ve listened to us when we bullied you outta hs.
high school bullies
my bully broke my leg in high school she didn’t have a car so I couldn’t scratch anything
Over the next nine years, Parker grew to be extremely bright in science and became a high honors student at Midtown High School. Parker's shyness and scholastic interest often made him a social outcast and a target for bullies, primarily football star Eugene "Flash" Thompson.
half the girls who bullied me from elementary school to high school have an onlyfans now
at the time there was a law sent down to the schools that the bully was to be counseled. obama told the schools that the police were not to be called. The school refused to name the abuser. That law was changed by Trump
Just like how it’s predecessor’s opening song did. I cried because his music got me through a lot in those 6 years. It got me through middle school, having to deal with bullies, suicidal tendencies, suicidal thoughts, and everything in between.
I feel like if I stood up to my bullies in middle school I would’ve grown up to be flo milli
Definitely got bullied for lunch money in high school.... by the girls. Probably peeked in the locker rooms as well. He loves to make claims about us so why not throw some back.
Man, funny how all of these girls are all of a sudden coming clean about their abusers... cause I remember when I came clean and was bullied for most of high school over it and accused of lying
Mother's and son Dre (Jaden Smith) move to China (job). He knows a little karate, but is no match for school bully Cheng. Dre meets Mr. Han (Jackie Chan), who is a martial-arts master. He teaches Dre kung fu. Dre will be able to face Cheng in tournament &amp; the heart of Mei Ying.
Possibly when, in primary (elementary) school, I made a bully cry by throwing him on the floor and I was towering over him (tallest girl in the year). Or when I discovered that I have a 'scary voice' I can use to make people do things. I think I was about 6?
Schools only receive 10% federal funding. That is nothing to forgo to keep kids safe. Plus, do you have the power to withhold funds? I don’t think you do. Your full or empty threats, your just a bully.
childhood bullying& climate change. Like it all never happened before Trump .I was brutally bullied in 1973 junior high for being a lesbian. I never knew what lesbians did until those mean girls told me *graphically* what they assumed I was doing. I was &amp; am devoutly straight.
Barr was a notorious mean bully in high school
the amount of times i was bullied by girls in high school and beyond for being friends with their boyfriends is disturbing.
The same girls that bullied me in high school for still liking one direction are now spending hundreds of dollars to see Harry in concert
girls that got bullied and left out in high school by the pretty girls so they make up for it by bullying others in their online circles using anime avis
I would get introuble in middle school for bullying the bully, b/c i didn’t like them bullying people. It made sense to me
i have the urge to call out the girl who bullied me in junior high
Are you the school bully from back to the future or something?
let’s expose all the girls in high school who bullied the band kids and girls like Shay.. FUCK ALL YALL they were some of the only decent kind hearted people at whs
Tell me why a girl who bullied me in high school just sent me a... Facebook... request
@ThaArsonist leave that little person alone....bully a different midget like @shybutpopular lol
Me dancing on my grade school bully’s grave
He is that high school bully
Uhm this dude made a “bully anthem” cause he like a soundcloud singer or rapper....and he bullied me in elementary school before
- i likes that on doug , it showed men can be assholes and bullies too . it wasn’t always just “mean girls” in high school
Think about their workforce and where they come from. Many were bullied in high school or were the bullies themselves. Then they have no skill set so they think what options they have, enter law enforcement. Their pay is shit so no honest person wants to get in that field.
Funny when girls who bullied me in middle school/high school were like “omg I am here for you!” when my mom died but never apologized for traumatizing me lmao
School ground bully tactics . Don't know why Newcastle and Burnley got involved.
This girl who bullied me in high school got busted making up a story about her son attempting to get kidnapped at a store on a Facebook post and she got charged and made the news. Karma at its finest
oh and if u didnt wanna wear a costume hed make everyone ignore u and bully u for not wearing it.. idk how my school has an a
A lot of you guys were bullies in high school but don’t want to admit it. Yea you can be nice to a lot of people but if you ever joined in with your friends to make fun of the one kid who was a little different, that’s just rude. Or if you talked to them as if they not competent.
oh god y’all it’s that time of the year where all the girls who bullied you in high school post sorority recruitment videos
You post a status about never liking girls from high school who bullied people, yet you sit on SM and bash sex workers, or girls who wear make up, or a number of other things...? Alright.
In this school we say no to bullies! (Except for bullying Principal you guys may do that) :D
My best friend in 5th grd was mix. Then we got to Jr high and a large group of black girls bullied her to stop talking to me. It hurt my feeling so bad. She would look down if I spoke to her and they would treat her awful. So I just stopped bc I couldn't stand to see it. Sad.
Ok I completely forgot about the MOST important prompt in which our wallflower girl Mitchie regularly gets bullied in her highschool, Shane finds out about it after starting to date each other, gets angry and visits her PUBLIC high school to show-off their relationship. oOf
yall log onto this website n try to emulate the mean girls that bullied u in high school .... msg me i’ll get you some resources for an affordable therapist
i feel like its the same reason like. the girls who bullied people in high school want to be nurses. They just want something they can have control over
The way that every pyramid scheme girl was a bully in middle school. Bitch I dont want your hair oil, I want an apology.
Further studies eventually found the high-status girls bullied the low-status girls, who then bullied the high-status boys to complete the Circle of Bullying.
That's the difference between a drafty that is just glad they aren't in Nam, and macho high school bullies who are way to excited to use their toys.
i love you, you remind me of girls that bullied me in high school
And then you go back to being bullied by large girls.
Real funny when the ones who used to bully you throughout elementary school and all the way through high school decide to add you on social media like nothing ever happened. I’ll drop dead before giving you access to my life like that again.
@cathmckenna cath makes morneau look like a "nickel grabbing" grade school bully
Luca don’t let the bullies win. Its them who should move schools not you. You have loads of support on here
this tweet is for the girls who bullied me in high school i live in switzerland and i'm moving to new zealand next year and you work at mcdonalds
Well, my first school had a bully named Hunter. Whenever I was around him picking at the sap on the trees I'd pray that I wasn't his next target. I was fortunate. Then I had a toxic "friend" also named Hunter at my other school. You can guess that I didn't like him much.
If I ever went to prision in the US, I would want to go to the school shooter's ward, just so I can bully their socially awkward white asses.
@Siriusjay Great Job not backing down to a 50 year old bully! He came across as vain,small, egomaniacal and thin skinned. Kudos.
The FUNNIEST thing to see is one of those mean ass, rude ass, stuck up their own ass, girls who bullied people in high school post BIBLE VERSUS
Poor little dude just wanna give him a high 5 and play football with him. Swear my little girl gets bullied at school il be taking parents heads off in the yard hope he’s doing ok
All the girls that bullied me in high school are now teen moms asking me if I’ve heard of their amazing pyramid scheme yet! Yikes
Jeff was a 13-year-old who moved to a new neighbourhood with his brother Liu and their parents. On their first day of school, they were accosted by 3 bullies named Randy, Keith &amp; Troy, who Jeff brutally beat up after they threatened them with knives. ➤
Abused. They meet some smooth talking person sign a contract. High number of these girls end up dead from suicide, drug overdose. Living in poverty. They are bullied and force to do acts they don't want to do.
Didn’t even finish high school (bullies)
That sounds awful. Sounds like it went by really fast. :O Bullies suck i had way to many in school also.
Research, featuring BRNET members Drs. Thornberg & Gini, examining whether school students’ tendency to display different moral disen... #stopbullying Thornberg, R., Daremark, E., Gottfridsson, J., &amp; Gini, G. (2020). Situationally Selective Activation...
I was bullied so much in middle school &amp; high school cause of my weight. Even when I lost weight in highschool I couldn’t lose the fat girl rep I was still fat shamed . I was the sweetest girl but that ain’t matter cause I was fat. And now look at me. Everyone want Cakes by Kace
#April #Naeun accused of being a School Bully, DSP sues, Man apologies for false claims. https://youtu.be/IXWfo5eBp7Q #LeeNaeun #HelloSummer #ExtraordinaryYou #kpop #kpopnews #kpoptoday #koreanidols #kpopidols #ateen #ateen2 #yeojuda
I was bullied all throughout middle school and high school mainly because I was a "tomboy" and I didn't know what gender identity was so I was made fun of for being a girl who looked like a boy and etc. it was not fun a guy even sat on my saxophone : )
all of middle & high school I would get bullied so hard from classmates for making out with girls, even college, I need to say fuck it &amp; just be who I am regardless of what people think
Sorry, they literally said 73 inches? Getting bullied for THAT, and is notably THE tall girl? Fucking lol. I went to a small rural high school, and there were nearly a dozen cis girls that tall. Fuck off Netflix.
it’s funny to watch all the girls that bullied me to nearly killing myself in high school post about suicide awareness and mental health as if they all of the sudden care about how their actions effect people
in high school the worst thing wasn’t the bullies themselves and how they treated me... it was that my friends just pretended it wasn’t happening and continued to remain friends with these people. stop following and giving attention to people who always treat others like shit.
Apparently she was well known as the school bully. I can see that.
being in a room with Trump and his family just before he went to boarding school because he was a bully. And he still is.
these are the mean bitches who bullied all the other girls in high school, nobody liked them then and nobody likes them now
In high school all the girls bullied me for looking like this... but not I get compliments daily from men who think I'm atractive. Then I tell them it's bc I'm conservative lmao they usually agree.
it was the name of his school bully!
girls who bullied me in high school are weeds now and im liberal
I grew up to be taller than my old school bullies lol hahah god punished y’all by making you short
I’ve been around most straight men who were like that during my school/college years. A lot of them made me feel very uncomfortable and depressed about myself in ways because some would come to bully me for not being like them. Their behavior can be toxic.
girl it was probably some passive aggressive ass homophobia?? i could fight in high school so i never got bullied LMFAOOO
Why do these people always sound like they're meeting the school bully at 3:00 at the yard? This is absolutely sociopathic in addition to being dumb as hell. But, hey, I'm sure the families left behind will be comforted that their loved one is the bravest corpse in the cemetery.
i have a funny relationship with that movie...i saw it in theaters when it came out, and i was the EXACT wrong target audience bc i was a freshman in high school who was literally bullied by mean girls on the daily. years later and i can appreciate how it’s meant to be for
i also remember being annoying and taking it too far on Insta to the point where some girl from dans old high school bullied me on Twitter. She said our “two month relationship was cute”. Well, it’s been 60 months now and we’re still cute JUST saying
Seeing girls who bullied me in high school have children and become ugly gives me such a rush.
imagine me cuffing the girl u bullied in high school.. :/ sad to see..
Should I message the girl who bullied me throughout middle &amp; high school and tell her that I can see that she’s the first person to watch my ig stories almost every single time? Even though I unfollowed her the day after graduation?
my high school classmate who used to lowkey bully me because i wasnt one of the pretty girls in our class just casually slid into my DMs and asked me if i wanna make out LMAO my villain origin story me thinks.....
Often school sh**ters are bullies rather than the bullied
I seriously hope that every single bitch who thinks this way never has children. Do people really not understand that this mindset is the reason people hate themselves when they’re adults? The reason why people can’t love. Why kids bully other kids. Why kids shoot up school.
this is how the girls who bullied me in high school dress now
From a high school japanese classmate, she said japanese hates curly hairs thats why she's always talking shit in japanese against my other girl classmate who has a curly hair. Can stress it out that me learning japanese in animes will be useful cuz i know we're being bullied.
@AintDatWayTwice you we're a BULLY in highschool, don't forget to mention lol
teenage alena at school flexing on bullies.
SBS 2016 The Legend Of The Blue Sea Drama as Bullied High School Girl
armys want to have revenge against their middle school bullies soo bad omg
Plus he and his brothers were high school bullies.
I don't think it should be unreasonable. No doubt the mobs and the left would think it so. Also, this laser pointing thing reminds me of bullies in school. It's such a childish and stupid thing to do that it cries out for an ass beating. lol
Very important info for everyone to know. Page thinks he can bully the schools and parents. He has to be stopped.
Funny that he took/takes such pride in being a bully but had no idea nobody ever voted the school bully as the most popular person. In fact, most promise when they grow up they're gonna kick his ass.
Anyways, now I wear overalls, practice yoga, and don’t eat meat, so no, I’m not the same girl that bullied you in high school. I have evolved.
If u n school right now then fuck ya life wit a Q tip dick
the popular girls would talk to me only to ask me to do the work for them and also they talked behind my back as if i was never there. they bullied me and swore i was the rude one to them. thank god i graduated high school and wont see those people again
Apparently his followers think that’s what tough looks like. It come from being a bully in school.
Serious question. Are girls really getting bullied for being y’all in high school?!
a core tennant of being nonbinary is remembering high school bullies who said you "aren't a real man" and looking at recent internet trolls who say you "aren't a real girl" and just being able to see both of them and say "yeah so the fuck what"
the girl who bullied you in high school is now a brand ambassador for any instagram clothing line sliding in their dm’s.
why did americans bully me for my nose at school what the hell was that all about i’m sorry i have my ethnic features
Hell, in the same network they had avatar. Cartoon network had teen titans, justice league unlimited, courage, and many more. DP was 3 seasons. 2 ok seasons and 1 terrible. It was a copy of pretty much Spider-Man. High school hero. His bully was named dash. Like flash
rocking back and forth saying doug is 11 years old the show takes place in an elementary school but there is a 14 year old bully just hanging out not able to graduate
Leave him alone, all the bullies - people who are so critical remind me of high school.
So the majority chooses @seurgnyon as one of the Bullies, and turn out he's the normal student! Poor him. :( After the discussion ended, the Students are getting scared. While the Teachers and the School Guards try their best to know who's the Bullies.
Being weird, non-redneck, and having a crush on a girl (Sarah from Labyrinth). It was a small, Southern school, and pretty much the entire school (except for the K-3 kids) ganged up on me and verbally/physically bullied me from 4th grade until high school graduation.
ur the lesbian queen of bullies at the school
they're that nerd from high school who somehow got along with everyone, even the bullies because they're just that loveable
Imagine being bullied so hard, that you think the only way to get back at the bullies, is to shoot up the school. It’s sad, that’s what this is. Not to mention people trying to defend the shooter, like they actually knew them. Clearly they don’t. Prayers for all those involved.
I remember I use to BULLY some lame ass back in 5th grade named uh.... Floyd... Mayweather... Yeah thTs his name! He was so small!
do you have a y or z in your name or were you bullied in school
this girl literally bullied me all throughout middle school and high school bc she though i was prettier and skinnier than her not saying i am prettier, despite her ugly personality she’s still a beautiful person, but i was skinnier it took me years to realize she wasn’t actually
the girls that bullied me in high school are now bffs with selena gomez. you and i are not the same
If you can even call that a redemption, she just said she was sorry & everyone forgave her like a school yard bully
I get big class clown vibes from @ImmersiveMemes @cupcake_coaster &amp; @Amarghh give me big alt girl energies BUT: who are the horse girls, the sports boyz, the bullies, the fashionista’s, the boffins, and more? High school never ends
my middle school bully likes @Wes10 and @kalynnkoury . i wonder how they feel about it...
yall are literally those girls from high school who viciously bullied people but their instagram bio was class of ‘16, nursing, do all things with kindness
Nobody: The girl that bullied my mom in high school:
(2/2) i probably wont be able to go to high school this year because of this, and idk how to solve this problem. my family bully me for it and calls me a shame. however, im fine since im used to being insulted.
In high school, a girl in my sociology class gave a report on juggalo culture. She used to be a juggalo. And man. It was powerful. I learned a lot and ultimately felt bad for ever making fun of them. It’s a lot of abused/bullied kids trying to come together. Really eye opening.
A girl that bullied me in high-school had the audacity to swipe up on my story and say “you’re not even cute. Lol. Just into yourself”. LISTEN I know people don’t need to like me, but you also don’t have to go out of your way to let me know it. Clearly she hasn’t changed.
unironically love the name butch tbh. school bully but make it fashion
when the girl who bullied me in high school DMs me on facebook about an exciting small business opportunity
I used to wear specks in school, a school bully touched them once, he was bully no more.
hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahha and i am the kind of girl who bullied you in high school but you still wanted my attention.
dont mind me just crying again because i thought about how i joined art school being happy that i got in and wanting to learn and grow and ive had to drop out because a teacher didnt know how to handle a mentally ill student and decided to bully me instead
All the high school girls who bullied me are now coke heads, working at a coffee shop, and living with mommy and daddy still. I’m over here working at a bank, live on my own with future husband and our baby on the way. In my opinion I’m doing pretty fucking good.
It happened to me in high school I was friends with a girl I liked but I was not ready for what she wanted, she force her self into me I push back and told her I wasn't ready next day in school she told everyone, I was bullied and people thought I was gay this was in the late 90s
i used to bully him in high school
I was bullied in high school but go off girl lmao
Before anyone attacks me I’d like to remind everyone that this girl disrespected a religion, mocked disabled people, uses the n word and wonders why she gets bullied. Plus people who went to high school with her said that she was mean and that she bullied people
Gun was flipping through an old album in a rusty vintage shop when he saw this photo. But why—did the man look so much like Off Jumpol, the bully he hates in school?
im not interestingT-T ~ uhh i have black hair but i dyed the bottom blue:) ~ i just graduated high school:D ~ i like to watch miraculous no one bully me it’s a great show @hellakage @antiierii @yesh206 @4kihabara @eternal93zz @NarutoYein
Most of you new school mental health matters advocates are just old school bullies who now use “care for mental health” as yet another platform to pick on and victimise people
Fact of the matter is most of the time this roasting isn’t clever , creative or fun . It’s childish . It’s never escaping a high school mindset and letting how you engage with everyone reflect that of a bully . I grew up on Xbox live lol so my skin is thick
He blames her personally for the bullying he suffered, and not the bully or the system that allowed it. The "she made me go to school" bit is like, of course? It's required? She had to send you???
the high school bullies all invariably find out they can't cut higher education and end up being local police or security
if math were a like in school . they would be the kid that has no real friends everybody hate their guts but are still so popular , i’m just saying i’d hate that kid so much they’d prolly be a bully too
OK after seeing the 15th POS high school movie from netflix, is there anyone who can hook me up with a writer's position for them? I haven't been a professional writer but I can put out better work than "girl who was bullied for being tall".
A kid in his grade school said hes a bad kid back then yes hes a bully just like he sounds, he is a low life that's made me a poor man since 1980, these Republicans have voted to hurt employees since then I have voted Democrat since 1976 Jimmy carter.
saw the girl who bullied me in high school on tiktok and instantly started cry :-) really feeling that suppressed trauma
girls who bullied me in high school are emotions now and im conservative
The girl that bullied me the absolute MOST in high school just invited me to “like” her mental health and wellness page on Facebook bitch I’m set but thank you lmao
And truth and reality come from communication, you have only talked about this in your bubble and on Twitter? If there are 100 bullies per person in a school, if 100 bullies talk bad about the person it can be worse than if that one person spouted a verbal attack at the 100.
No lie, the nurses that think I'm faking are 100% the girls that bullied other girls in high school. I just know it.
Hope the principal also gets fired. They allow this to happen. I remember my primary and high school principals doing nothing when we were bullied and went to them. In fact one told me to “accept god and be less gay, they only bully you because your pretend to be a girl”
Don’t you love it when girls who bullied you in high school slide into your DMs. My favorite by far is when one particular girl said we should have a play date with our kids. Nah fam. You’re a shitty person, I’m not going to pretend we’re friends.
she looks like the type of girl who would bully other people for listening to bil in middle school
I remember being bullied in high school by this girl who made me think she was my friend. She was cool, dangerous, and she had that IDGAF attitude. She called me names in public for not letting her cheat and copy my homework. I will never forget that.
Didn’t want to self identify as the art girl. Got bullied too much in middle and high school. Didn’t post anything until my junior year of college. I was like 22 or 23.
And if you’re planning to open schools, wait until the last possible minute. Do I have it right? Spare us with the lectures until you clean up your bully culture. Have a nice day.
Being free of the reins of the parents and the bullied girl from high school, I found people of my own type and went on one hell of an exploration of sex that I am forever grateful for.
some of yall new dommes really look like the type of girls that bullied the type of girl I am in high school and it throws me off lmaoo
See The Godfathers of Sex Abuse, Book II: Harvey Weinstein, Bill Cosby, #MeToo, Chapter 35: "Mad Dog Marty." Legal bully extraordinaire. Brooklyn Law School needs to beef up its ethics course (assuming it even has one).
the “omg i hate quirky girls they wanna be different so bad” is just repackaged misogyny and ur inner middle school bully is jumping out
she used to bully me in middle school. good thing she is offended
just wanna add Better Days in this list—the best chinese film of 2019 for me! it's about a bullied high school girl and a teenage street thug and how they changed each other's lives.
they are bullies High school BULLIES
41 follower? bum asss LMAOOOO don’t be picking on other people just cause you got bullied in high school , sheesh and don’t be mad you can’t get a girl that’s as beautiful as mine
One day, Nimbe was trying to clear his head in a quiet place when he met Raph who had helped him challenged the guys who tried to bully him at school on time. Raph introduced him to drugs and told him it will help him clear his head and whatever that is disturbing him.
Like it’s so unprovoked. I also don’t care that you don’t have any, you can tell, cause I didn’t ask. Maybe try speaking to the girls that bullied me in high school instead?
The ones who got bullied and possibly rejected by girls AND the bullies really deadass become cops. Idc. It’s true. Just like the mean girls become nurses IF they didn’t peak in high school. If I’m wrong, I’m wrong, but not in my experience.
seeing a thin girl on my tl responding to a body shaming comment on tiktok that for some reason is calling her fat and people go fucking crazy in the comments for no goddamn reason while fat n chubby girls get bullied by the same ppl for having fupa showing in high waisted pants
Being caught out is the 'mistake', all the underhand and callous decisions were not mistakes. Contracts for PPE were not given to mates instead of PPE firms by accident. We need to remember johnson is always attempting deception, following the school bully playbook at all times.
And I should leave well enough alone, because I am giving this professional troll what he wants. But he's the high school bully that you hated who then grew up to become the smug, self-important asshole that you still hate.
Trump's behavior goes back even longer. He learnt how to bully early. Sadly, he has been enabled since grade school. He does because he can.. In my opinion, Trump is evil. Thanks for your insights. Take care.
I would hate if some of the girls I bullied in high school did this to me. Anything but this
@HouseGOP School Choice!! Put kids back to school! Money should follow child and use for child education! NO MAIL IN VOTING!! VOTER ID!! SPEAK OUT FOR US! Quit letting the DemocRATS bully you!!
Important albums from high school or why people would bully me https://twitter.com/rene_wav/status/1287892854262685701
TMPHPGC ARE BULLIES. HIGH SCHOOL RUCKING BULLIES.
girls like this made me feel so appreciated when i was getting bullied constantly by men in middle school/high school, i don’t care how random it was it was just nice to feel accepted.
Group changing rooms should always be optional, but not because of trans girls. In junior high I was bullied for being fat. In high school, was I about to be NAKED in front of people and risk bullying? Hell no! I found every excuse to be alone or change in a bathroom stall.
Nah, Chief fun officer reeks of a “boys will be boys and girls should be modest” mommy blog and an essential oils side hustle where she tries to befriend all the girls she bullied in high school
I just saw this bitch who used to bully me in high school, walk into McDonald’s to CLOCK INNNNN oh how the tables have turneddddd
And the way they tried to cancel any celeb that didn't make a public denouncement of : scooter and kanye and kim and Demi and fuckin Taylor's elementary school bully probably. I respect taylor but her stans are so...
I wished that there were artists like @BTS_twt when I was growing up. I had my fair share of being bullied all throughout grade school from elementary through HS. I was the only Asian girl in a predominantly Hispanic school. That's pretty sad. Today, I hold my head up high.
I used to get bullied by the light skinned girls with mustaches (y’all know the ones) in high school
Yeah these cops probably did disrespect their parents. Bunch of school bullies probably. They had to become a cop to fee empowered. What losers!
#RHONJ Honestly, I don’t give a crap what Daniele has done at this point..this little “mean girl” click in the store is ridiculous! Wth are you in high school? What a friggen example these “Mom’s” are setting..especially if your Child is being bullied..SMH
If my kids go to school with a billionaires' kids, I fully expect them to bully those kids up on the playground for their lunch money.
#WeAdoreYouShawn @ShawnMendes I was born in 1 December 1982 in Switzerland. I was a normal girl till my 4 year of living. I got sick. Very sick. Doctors found out i have rheumatoid arthritis. I’m a high sensitive person and as a child even more. I got bullied a lot. 1/10
Missy liked your tweet again. I didn't know she is a bully too. I thought highly of her with regards to this kinds of matter. I never imagined her tolerating things like this. She told me she was bullied back in high school, now she's the one participating in bullying.
I was never bullied in school. Maybe like one or two girls in high school made fun of my nose but that’s it. I was quiet and some people were nervous of me bc the only time I’d flip out is if I saw someone else getting bullied. Then suddenly It was impossible to miss my presence.
girls who bullied me in high school are colleges now and im handwritten letter
Not sure I guess it depends on your surroundings. I think of the beautiful young Irish girl who attended a US high school so bullied she killed herself.
second girl bullied me in high school
“@MzLaina167: "@SuccessSeaker: My daughter is a bully"..yup she is lol..”lol
He isn’t shutting us down. He wants us to turn on our local business in. He is moving away from phases, but won’t tell us where we stand. Gave all the power to Jara in regards to opening our schools. An absolute joke!
I remember a lot of girls in high school who bullied everyone not in their little group. I saw a group of them yesrs later, while I was home on leave. They were simply pathetic. Me &amp; a couple of other girls they used to bully were living interesting happy lives. KARMA
All the girls that bullied me in high school want me to join their pyramid scheme. Never felt so popular.
You have a worrying tendency to talk of school bullies and 'being shafted'. Sadly I can't help you with your typical ScoNat inferiority complex. Muted.
A baseball player and his posse prevents his school bully from ruining everyone's lives with abortion.
White girls with that hair style bullied me in high school
She was a mean girl in high school. She and Mimi bullied Chloe for most of their high school years. During the gangs summer break before senior year they went on a trip to Puerto Rico and Jan was raped by Nicole’s dad. Shawn was the only one who knew but Jan begged him not 1/2
Hingham High girls soccer coach ryan punitri won 3 straight state titles. Now he’s being fired by a corrupt superintendent cuz a bank VP parent says his kid feels bullied by constructive criticism, after the principal supported the coach. @scottzolak
Local teen punches cardboard cutout of school bully on the way out the door; has lunch money stolen again.
https://images.app.goo.gl/F3BLUk53fFTF2RYx6 Our Little Johnny with Water Gun against Bullies at School
Response of a 12 year old private school bully.
Found out the girl who spread (true) rumours about me being bi and kinda bullied me about it in early high school is actually a lesbian and is now trying to hit me up have I cracked a new layer of queer identity
As the mom of a bullied high school girl, you are correct. We were on cutting edge of social media bulling and we hit it head on. Restraining order against kids and our daughter is much stronger for it all. She is now 29 and don’t even think about messing with her. Thankful!!
I had 'Free' dinner tickets. To let other pupils know I was from a poor household, they were printed in a different colour from those who paid for school dinners. The playground bully made sure those were the ones he grabbed first.
"and you need diet pills." are there real mean girls like that? thank god i wasn't bullied in high school-i assume they would just called me fat behind my back like normal people.
one of the girls who bullied me in high school just apologized to me, and i’m ugly crying
Girls that bullied me in high school just get promoted to girls that would bully me if they were in a sorority
3H Aquarius moon, uranus, south node In middle school and high school, I felt like an outsider! Bullied an ostracized. I constantly had to be on guard and became a mean girl as a defense.
LikE I WOULS TELL YOU- YOU ARE MY HIGH SCHOOL BULLY GRRR GROWLS
Well, when I was in high school in DR most of the boys were going crazy for withe girls at school and to me that I'm not dark skin they use to tell that I'm a "morena lavaita" I grew up seeing dominican boys glorifying all the withe girls,dark sking girl bullied disgustingly
Funny how these bullies from school have ended up in such shitty places. Karma is a thingggg
Watching Blorgin Barr testify. He was a Bully in school when he was 12. Not surprised! He’s now a size 56 stout. Douche!
I remember the shame and anxiety I felt about telling my family and friends I was straight. In high school, a classmate caught me holding hands with a girl and told the whole school I was straight. I was bullied mercilessly, I still remember every joke and insult 10 years later
This girl that bullied me throughout middle school AND high school, has had ME blocked, since we graduated. I genuinely don't understand. ME ?
Rebecca Black has been bullied out of school cos other kids keep singing her song and asking her what day it is LOOOOL
stella is the CEO of being a high school bully
Kiyo let out another laughter before shyly looking at Flora, soon the two glasses met but before she remembered about always getting out of being bullied by the other girls and some boys, Flora was always there to have the girls back which soon during high school Kiyoko+
School bully wonders why everyone hates him
#fancamsareoverparty every popular rich white girl that bullied me in high school is now on stan twitter spamming fancams and fetishizing koreans
thinking about the zionist jewish girl from new york who bullied my high school english teacher into letting her become co-president of the Middle Eastern Students Club.... Charlotte if you see this, you're a racist
truly crazy how the basic, rude, annoying ppl from high school are still popular online, i literally see girls they bullied liking their pics life is wiLD
I’m confident your #environmental rollbacks will keep our waterways clean, support of the #2ndAmendment will force our suburban children to do #lockdown drills at school, &amp; your racist, misogyny will be a model for generations of bullies. Repeat:suburban, women,say, no, to Trump.
My Sarah oc has been bullied since after her older sister movies out. She started high school and a lot of the kids mostly girls bullied her. When she was 12 in a fanfic story I am making she also gets....I will say abused but it was more by the Blu Jester (fanfic The Joker)
i went to the store and saw one of my bullies from school and instead of freaking out i his behind my sister’s tall boyfriend
As far as I'm concerned, school bullies are the worst pieces of shits I have ever witnessed in my life :D
according to studies, most school shooters ARE bullies, as far as i know.
Queensland schools are cautiously watching the second wave of coronavirus outbreaks in southern states and bracing for a future of remote learning.
antisemitic husk who hasnt been relevant in like a decade: in case we weren't clear I hate the tr*nnies too. anyway bye. girls who bullied you in high school and are nursing students now:
A girl who was friends with everyone who bullied me in hs tried to tell me I wasn’t bullied in high school.... some of y’all have a mental illness to learn to cope with.
Weird how all the girls that bullied me in high school are all pregnant now
We had a bulldog named Bertha when I was in middle/high school. She was magnificent and off all our bulldogs, the reason I knew that I could only have bullies.
I am fully triggered after seeing a comment in a Facebook post by the biggest bully in my high school saying "no time for bullys". Might not be one now but people never forget.
this girl bullied me in middle school bc i wore a “i’m sexy and i know it” shirt &amp; she would call me a hill billy bc my teeth were crooked, but in high school she got into a fight &amp; pissed herself... the video went viral &amp; now everyone calls her “pissy”
white men in trucks are dangerous and to be weary of but also realized just realized jeeps were the vehicle aspiration and obtained by all the rich white mission trip girls/high school bullies i knew. eyes on the road
It's not illegal. You can't bully or bribe people to like you. We're not Melanie. No one likes a bully. And unlike your parents, we can't send you away to military school. We can send you away- and we will.
I’ll never forget when a group of girls bullied me my senior year cause I overtoned my blonde hair to gray on accident and it looked too similar to another girl in our classes hair... oh high school...
I remember bitches would bully me in high school I’m ready to talk names
Every person that puts a collar like this on their dog was a bully in high school.
Bears Taylor Swift Disney And whichever tv show I’m currently obsessed with! (Right now it’s new girl) I got bullied in high school@for loving all these things and I STILL love all these things
There was a rumour that a one kid’s mum was a witch. Kids were scared of her. But once when I was running home scared because bullies had said they were going to get me after school, she came out of the entrance to the woods, told me ‘they’re not going to get you’ and hugged me.
and the fact that this problem would’ve been overlooked in high school? i’m more disappointed in the school, the parents. the people that would get it covered up just like it was when my teammates were BULLIED by the same girls.
I have personally known 4 guys that became cops. 3 from high school, 1 was a typical bully and the other 2 were bullied/picked on. All 3 had domestic violence issues. The 4th guy was a fellow soldier and he too fell into the bully type and also had domestic violence issues.
Like those girls bullied me bad in high school but I would never judge them or mock them in such a way. Yall not any better yourselves.
can we please bully the kids who don’t cover their nose with their mask when we get back to school
Nah I'm good was taught in school not to bully the mentally challenged. Losing to the Dodgers imagine, they tied a series with the Giants.
not to be That Guy because i don’t know her (and she is really pretty! but not rly my type) but dm’s gf looks so much like a girl that bullied me in high school that when i see pics of them together my fight or flight reponse engages before i remember that it’s not her lmao
I’ve been doing homecoming hair on girls that would have definitely bullied me in high school all day so yes same kill me
It's a typical school cliché drama where me and my friends get bullied but I decided to fight back and there's this one guy that saves me and those bullies can't stand up against
Bullies are the first to complain if someone shows the slightest whiff of bullying toward them. I learned that at junior school and have seen many, many examples. The teacher also taught us that all bullies are cowards. Both things tie in.
I got bullied for being African in my Jamaican high school. This one girl used to hate me for being african. I still don't know why...
why does everyone hate me on this app you’re just a bunch of high school bullies !
1/4 saw #FreeAlecMcKinney. after seeing some extremely brutal and even deadly school bully beatings: theres a difference between carrying a gun and shooting a person in SELF DEFENSE for physically assaulting you and bringing a gun to school just to go and
I feel horrible saying this but a girl who bullied me in high school has gained a massive amount of weight and I just feel like that's some kind of karma
Bitches from my school will have a Quran verse and every 7adeeth in their bio but will then go to school n be a racist and a bully. We love to see it
the girls who hurt and bullied my best friend in high school and traumatised her for life: *shares an R U OK Day post* mental health is important! Be kind and check on your friends Inbox is open if anyone needs to talk!’
i see that we have gotten to the point in my fb memories where my public school bullies commented on everything i posted
Can't stop thinking about how the girl who viciously bullied me throughout high school to the point where I became reclusive &amp; suicidal applied for the job I was conducting interviews for yesterday. She looked like she saw a ghost when she walked in the room &amp; locked eyes with me
I was bullied as a kid and in high School. It wasn't until one day I literally lost it and attacked the three black girls that had been savagely bullying me. They never bothered me again! You're right Hate is taught!
The first time I was in middle school, I was a shy person - an easy target for bullies. If I went back a second time, I would be an insufferable smart mouth.
Jimmy wasn't an 'asshole bully'. He said he only fought bullies. The reason he kept on getting in trouble was because he vandalized stuff and was a nuisance to the schools, not because he was a bully.
Lol trust me I've come a long way. From me being bullied them finally speaking up for myself in high school and getting better at it throughout my college years, I'm not the same girl. I'm a woman yes but I wish I had this confidence in high school and middle school.
Bro you should be doing short story of how i should be awarded one....as protection money from bullies pale high school nikii
Like how bully is just that but you’re in a school, you can’t keep using GTA as a comparison plus I want bully 2
Girls that bullied me in high school are in my DM’s trying to sell me Itworks and Dildos
Lmao she said La Porte like the school was full of bullies like Mean Girls or something
Sounds a little like the latter when he complained about her not defending him from bullies and making him go to school. He probably started off with "owned the libs" videos and then watched other videos by those same/similar people.
I fucking hate schools that sweep bullying under the rug. HATE it
In a middle school full of bullies, insane teachers, and gross school lunches
i have the "girl who bullied u in middle and high school who's blonde and prettier than u" handwriting
I’m bi too but bullies in my school who constantly says d and f slurs to me doesn’t say “oh you’re bi? my bad sorry” when they find out I’m bi lol
Obvious result, they can't do it in person anymore. The upper hand is kids should feel stronger at home. They cannot be bullied and have physical encounters with bullies in schools. Each child and parent should be reporting this unacceptable behavior.
I had a classmate back in school,a bully,did his thing here and there got expelled,went to another school got expelled again..years later was shocked to see the guy is now an officer and asked myself do the police ever do background checks
Because some people have nothing better to do, or they were a bully in school and they never outgrew that
I was in a lot of different social circles in high school, this one guy use to bully some of my nerdier friends real bad never minded when he did it to me but once he went after one of my friends hair with a pair of trying to cut their log hair off...so I asked some of my
GIRL the amount of people that bullied me so much in high school for being a big emo calling themselves goth for listening to catfish and wearing vans I’m going to kms
i love that i was that dumb bitch wearing Elmo and Cookie Monster shit while eating hot cheetos in high school. all the girls like me were bullied but we knew how to fight and stood up for The Gays so really i wouldn’t take it back
This is a grandfather who is supposed to be grown up man with a wise head, promoting peace and tolerance yet Mr Bin continues to act like a senseless school ground bully. Zanu pf is curse on this land.
Yeah exactly! Ever since we were taught that all gingers stink of piss and to bully them at school!
The thing I find most fascinating is the wildness of these interpretations despite the strip's straightforward message. I can't say who is right, since I wasn't bullied at all in high school, nor did I have trouble making friends. Also because I'm not a girl.
I was a fat kid. I went to a village school for one horrible year where the HEADMASTER told me I should be a goalie “because I was wide enough to block the goal”. Basically gave the other kids a license to bully me. Horrible experience.
I’m the team lead for 3 high school girls who are all best friends at work today wish me luck I’m about to get bullied
#MAMAMOO’s #Solar Reveals Her Tragic Past Dealing With School Bullies http://koreaboo.com/stories/mamamoo-solar-bullying-school/ #마마무 #솔라 @RBW_MAMAMOO
It’s nice to be slowly dying in a diseased postindustrial neoliberal republic and look back to when the school bully said an uncouth thing about your mother in gym class.
The best friend of one of my worst bullies in middle school just asked me if I had a gf and she though about me for a while since she found me on FB.... how should I respond?
this the way every girl that bullied me in high school dressed im having ptsd pls delete this
A girl that used to bully me in high school does this. This chick used to say I was ugly, fat, and no one would ever want to date me. Homegirl posts this stuff all the time and attempts to comment on mine. girl, bye. Oh, and she talks about her kids getting bullied.
You’re so low that you have to be like the girls that bullied me in high school. You’re a grown ass adult, I’m so glad I don’t feel the need to drop down to you’re level when you act like that
his high school bully was Immortal Technique, I think Miranda is a unique case or he claims Tech was a bully anyway
"@CauseWereGuys: On my way to fuck yo bitch http://t.co/j906T5zE2R" me as a 9 year old
“i would bully you” “i would shove you in a locker”... what’s stopping you now. i promise there’s an army, nctzen or blink at your school rn.
trump is beyond pathetic. This is the school bully going to the principal to complain that all the wimpy kids just started standing up for themselves. How sad is trump now. Not as sad as he will be on Nov 4th when he has lost in a landslide.
This other one the three girls of Fantasia are in high school and Lumi was getting bullied by a clique above hers, Lilac who didn't bother with cliques stepped in and psychologically ruined the bullies shit, before grabbing Lumi and buying her an ice cream.
I truly believe in "what goes around comes around". I was also bullied in middle school to the point that I left said middle school. Through out high school I heard stories of all the girls that bullied me and many of them got a taste of their own medicine. 1/2
Moms votes vis safety. They want to know their kids are safe at school. Why do think parents are concerned about Covid or bullying that will carry over from Antifa / BLM into schools. Students are safer fighting a virus then fight bullies. I know teachers
girls who bullied me in high school are conservatives now and im the vagina
Wow! This Woman Is Reaching Out To All The Girls She Bullied In High School To Sell Them Skincare Products: http://bit.ly/2CTEcOC
It shows them up as petty school bullies
mayhaps i called out the girl who won the citizenship award (ironically) who also bullied me and every other vulnerable kid in my grade relentlessly on my high school’s app-
Girls who graffiti bar bathroom stalls were bullied in high school. Sorry I don’t make the rules.
this is @the girl who bullied me all throughout high school KENDJDNND SHES A TR*MP SUPPORTER AND SUPER CONSERVATIVE BUT WANTED TO BE KATNISS SO BAD??
Neither was playing a psycho killer in manhunt in 2001 or as a ex school bully in bully in 2007 but they took those risks anyway and succeeded
If i came to school I would bully them
These girls are still young and have alot to learn but it doesn't excuse what they did Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/nFrJpxKG via @Change
I’m fb friends with the girl who used to bully me hardest in high school and she has a beautiful home. Starting to think using my evil for good might have been a waste! SMH.
Yes i wanna go to my vocational tech school reunion so I can cuss out the bullies who bullied me for being bad at art and being autistic and liking anime so I can show them that they were ableist and fucking trash
basically im saying that a+ jacob and jo right now act like the kind of kids that would bully me in high school and i dont know how much longer i can get behind that without feeling heavily uncomfortable im sure its mostly a persona but its more aggressive than before
also i was going out clubbing with my friends and i was flirting with this french guy i met two days ago and someone had a broken arm and i got a christmas present from a girl who bullied me in high school and it was a low cut green sleeveless sweater dress and it was ugly
I feel like I should speak about this: The way all the girls acted towards Aiden gave me high school flashbacks of the popular girls who did the same &amp; much worse to me, but told the teacher I started it so I was the one who kept being punished. They bullied her. #DragRace
Do you know how many kids commit suicide in school after getting bullied? The ones fighting the internal struggle. The effeminate kids jo tumhare masculine gender norms ko satisfy nahi karte? Unka rape hota h.. kids bully them..
the way they likened it to middle school bullies said i like you as a prank
"Chad Wolf" sounds like the made up name of a high school bully on a Disney Channel show
It’s sad to see when girls having so many likes and comments regarding their pretty face but still feel insecure without a valid reason compared to girls who have been bullied for their appearances and have been body shamed stand with their head held high not giving a shit.
Can I tell you a heartwarming story? A few years after I graduated high school, a girl who had bullied me by putting a severed pigs foot in the hood of my coat reached out and apologized in a lengthy email. She’d felt terrible for years and didn’t think I would forgive her
Hey Luca, sorry to hear about your situation, I moved schools as a kid and got bullied for being the new kid and being different (I'm autistic). Later on I learned that bullies are missing something from their lives, and need to hurt others to feel better.
The home was definitely the problem, and also if the school wasn't full of bullies he could have found his way around it but no he was trapped in the mess of home and school. Drug isn't the solution
bet all the girls that bullied me in high school are heavy sharing that video of the little boy though....
It’s been my belief that a sizable chunk of cops were overly sadistic bullies in high school. The meting of violence is a drug to them. In HS, there are, for the most part, no legal consequences for bullying. After HS, becoming a cop is the only avenue for bullying with impunity.
@NYPDShea You are nothing but a sadistic organization. Period. And I'm one of those suburban housewives that's against Donald! The NYPD are a bunch of bully rejects from high school. Period!
Define bullying. I taught it in school. It’s not attacking out bullies. Bystanders are taught in school to call out bullies That’s like saying we must be tolerant of racists. Nope. We get to take down bullies who harm others. Karen &amp; Chad.
Once again Trump does what he does best. When Kaitlin Collins asks him a question he refuses to or can't answer he runs and hides. Trump at 74 years old is and always will be a spoiled brat. Trump is the epitome of a school yard bully. Stand up to him and he runs and hides.
Disney High School Bullies be like :
What about a mentor ship program for after school bullies?
Bro, let's not even get into how utterly ridiculous "fake ____" conversations are. The caption is literally some shit like "girls that bullied you in highschool that want to be goth now" these kids are IN HIGH SCHOOL. WHAT DO YOU MEAN.
It's not bullies everywhere; there are simply more wimps, untested intellectuals pouring out of our schools and universities, emerging from long years in the education tunnel without practical life-experience, resilience, and ability to respond sensibly to life's stresses.
Jordan is a miserable person. Just look at him. I wonder how many hundreds of dollars in lunch money he had to give the girls that bullied him in high school.
Sometimes you find out the girl who bullied you in school peaked in high school and everything is right in the world
the girls that bullied you in high school are stuck in a pyramid scheme now
Every girl who bullied me in high school and middle school is either becoming a nurse or a physical therapist lmao
So actually when #BiancaSchoombee was tweeting (2013 &amp; 2014), the comments were directed to the squad of girls they bullied in high school....my goodness https://twitter.com/Ree_mayisela/status/1263005247720640515
When my daughter was bullied and jumped after school by two girls in Jr. high school and the school did nothing.. let’s just say I took matters into my own hands. You can take the girl out of the L. A. Ghetto, but you can’t take the ghetto out of the girl. It stopped
So sorry to hear that Luca is having a bad time with bullies. I was bullied at school for a time &amp; it is a real worry for a child to have to face that daily. Bullies are really very weak people in reality &amp; they get to feel strength at your expense.
nine times out of ten, the school ain't gonna do shit and just punishes both parties if the bully starts shit in front of a teacher.
He smiled a bit, remembering that that you just said. "Y-yeah... h-he was my all-time bully in middle and high school, because I was d-d-different - a-a-a f-f-femboy."
Me in jss1 following my school father about to beat my bullies
Decided to call my tumor “Janet Oliver” after the girl who bullied me throughout high school, she was bigger than me, mean, hard to get rid of, but I think we know who got in trouble for punching who in the mouth and stopping her nonsense once and for all.
someone who would probably defend me from bullies on 2016 roblox high school, come in
Even #TwitterIndia is acting like school bullies. Grow up India team. You should remove Minister tweet and the promotional tweets first as he is promoting fake.
omg icon,, ive gotten in school suspension once but i will go 2 great efforts to bully bigots
nobody tells you that high school is harder than uni I want a do over. At the start of high school my bff from primary ditched me and started hanging out with one of my bullies. Another girl who bullied me had a parent on the staff so the school didn’t do anything about it
Just saw a bullying video of a girl in Carnoustie high. Vile! Really hope the girls involved get what’s coming won’t post it as not going to help poor lassie who got bullied.
you look like the girls who bullied me in high school
Probably his high school bullies home ....
bullies these are high school fucking bullies
The girl who bullied me all of high school and tried to harass me again via Instagram not long ago just posted a picture captioned “as beautiful on the inside as I am on the outside” and the urge to clap back is too fucking real lmao.
He's a grade school bully. He's a coward!
It’s weird how people change. The high school bully became really sweet and humble now. It’s like high sxhool her never existed
The girl that bullied me in high school posted something about mental health awareness recently
Oldest comes home from the beach — immediately starts picking on youngest — I tell him to stop he replies “ mom, I have to bully him at home since he’s not at school to toughen him up” boys are so stupit hahaha #nothingmean #brotherlylove #wealllaugh #smartass #boymom
i always got "bullied" for hanging with girls, like female pop artists, not liking football and bc i was gay..... the funny part is that it was just 5/6 guys in all my years of school and high school, but i never cared about it and i continued living my life unbothered lmfao
I was bullied ever since grade school. HS madalang lang tho. I was also the bully. Minsan lang. Pero kahit minsan lang, may naidudulot rin na impact to the bullied. I apologize to everyone I bullied, either physically or verbally. Apology letter ba 'to, bhie?
One thing I really need to overcome is the fear of swiping right on a girl who looks like she would have bullied me in high school
One time in high school I told a band girl I "play" the sampler in an attempt to relate to her I deserved and still deserve to be bullied
School bully inhale - coming soon! https://onlyfans.com/masterapollogod
my morning routine is usually : wake up 30 mins earlier than my alarm, go to twitter and interact w mynmoot, sometimes ask my moots to bully me so that I'd get up anf take a shower, take a shower, drink coffee, eat breakfast start school.
2016, 6.9/10 finally left school, no more childhood bullies, starting a new page, could’ve been a lot better
i was a bully in middle school and then became the bully's best friend now i'm just depressed
Lol the girl who bullied me in high school just finished her first week of nursing school....
Bert Velghe and Lennert Acke (both from #Belgium) owe me an apology for their #cruelty, #jealousy and general #abuse in both elementary and high school (Sint-Lievens, #Gent). @vertbelghe @lennertacke #bully #bullies
girl just commented on my pics on facebook saying, “you look so good” like, thanks! you bullied me in high school and i finally learned to love myself.
Yes, I was bullied when I was in school &amp; I didn’t have any real friends. Some people pretended to be my friend because they wanted to make themselves look good by being nice to me (the socially awkward, mildly disabled girl). I graduated high school years ago but I still
girls from my high school (that definitely didn’t talk to me) only add me on facebook to sell me things.. like yes, i do remember how you bullied me for 4 years &amp; no i do not need any lotion.
if you guys see me slacking when school starts next month, plz bully me or beat me up. i cant ruin my second chance.
Just played wildest dreams cuz I’m strong and I’m not afraid of high school fricking bullies
it’s a netflix original movie about the “struggles” of this tall cis white girl in high school that gets bullied for being tall and they literally make it seem like life is so hard because she’s tall and it’s annoying
Besides, you couldn't pay me to relive my school years. If anything, knowledge would make be an even bigger bully/mean girl target than I was the first time around.
school and she was bullied by the newer young principal that the high school hired. That girl totally fucked the school up and ran my mom's friend off.
I was thinking about the girls who bullied me in junior high and now I need to schedule a therapy session
As a teenager, I was pushed and and bullied all the way down Croydon High Street by two black girls for being white.
The girls that bullied me in high school majored in theater, so it’s nice to see Life bullying them back
I'm gonna name my kid jackin so in high school people bully him for his name sounding like jacking off
the girls that bullied people in high school for listening to country music are the same girls going to parker mccollum concerts in college getting black out drunk in $300 boots
i’m not excited for the girls who bullied me in mid/high school to see the lights up video and decide that it’s okay to like harry now because he’s hot and that’s all he’s worth to them. then they’re going to make their daddy buy them pit tickets that i have to beg for
The nurses are always the girls that bullied people in high school and then you tell them your issues and they’re like mmhmm sure and don’t even write it down
Craziest part about sharing this are the stories I’m hearing from people about real life high school bullies who are now cops. One, who used to take part in jumping people, is now a police chief making over 100k a year smdh. #ACAB
You are lovely, never let the bullies destroy you! I am hearing impaired since birth and my school nick name was stonewall! At my age now, sometimes it's a blessing, when I take off my hearing aids and just simply enjoy the silence! Can those bullies do that? LOL!!
The girls who bullied me in middle and high school turned into Young Life people and are still into it even though we’re old. I feel like I win.
And kids aren’t in school getting bullied. I know my own at-risk teen is in a better mental space not dealing with jr high school girl dynamics and bullying from boys.
(1) Bruh, honestly, there needs to be a game that is fit for BOTH boys and girls, but this is like a boy game. I know, I know, girls play it too, but they get bullied for playing a shooting game, in my opinion, I thought there was 5 winners? Royale high, adopt me, and bloxburg
Nothing like finding out the girl that bullied you in high school wasn't mean to just you and that she is also extremely racist and ignorant
Mostly bad upbringing and desensitised parents. And general Disregard for human emotions. No wonder school shootings are a thing in USA. Parents need to nut up and take responsibility of their kids behaviour. And then such bullies end up being wife beaters and rapists.
Most of my experiences have been odd or plain bad: kids in school bullied me and my first GF, my middle school teacher forced me to come out of the closet, a high school teacher called me an "it" instead of "girl", a guy filmed me kissing my girlfriend... and more #ComingOutDay
damn maybe none of this would've happened if I had bought essential oils from the girl that bullied me in high school
It really is the band girls supporting Warren. Sorry you were bullied by Big Titty Brenda in high school
a 2000's high school romance film about an urban pop punk kid who gets bullied by the suburban hardcore jocks and at the end he gets the girl when she discovers her bf supports the iraq war
YOU ARE BULLIES!! HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES @CARLAWHEEZER @SaavBrianna
The "girls only pretend to like anime for male attention" take is so weird. I got bullied relentlessly by boys in middle and high school for liking anime so if that was my plan it clearly didn't work
I just know valentines 2020 was one of those girls who got bullied when they were in high school but then had a HUGE glow up and now all her bullies envy her
Do you really think this was a good use of government time. You all sit there with smug, self satisfied grins on your faces like a bunch of middle school bullies berating the opposition.
My high school bully about to tell me I’m going to hell for smoking weed
Girl I went to Wando High in Mt. Pleasant There was barely Hispanics where I was at and they saw me as the “Mexican guy”..... so yes I was bullied lol
Dudes that used to bully me in high school now like all my selfies and try to slide into my DM's.
Mean girls in high school: I literally hate anybody that has the guts to stand out Them 3 years after high school: let me pretend to act like the kids I bullied in high school but in a cuter way so men like me
When a high school girl is required by her school to post a student council campaign ad on YouTube, she's bullied mercilessly. School officials were no help. Find out how she dealt with the attacks, this week on #BullyBuster. Listen: https://buff.ly/2V71coI #youtube #cyberbully
Remembering the time a girl in jr high bullied and cursed me out on IM so I printed out the whole convo and brought it to school because her mom taught at said school and let a few people read over it (people I knew ran in the same circles) ...
I've been literally fighting bullies and yelling at people my entire life. Like I screamed at my entire school at an all school assembly for being asswipes when I was 15. Seeing new people suddenly calling out bullies for behavior they themselves engaged in is exhausting to me
this girl who bullied me to death for liking a boy is a lesbian now and it's hilarious to me that she got all her friends to bully me about liking a boy that they all claimed they liked too.. turns out she's not even into men at all lmao. I hate high school bitches
Wtf what happened to her whole “idgaf what producers and shit say about me, I’m going to be how I am and they can take it or leave it” bit? She looks like either every girl in high school who bullied me or every girl who said they were bi for clout with guys.
Why does she look like the girls that bullied me in high school then developed an alcohol and coke problem freshman year of college, dropped out, and started selling shampoo
Since I’m getting a lot of traffic to my page, take note of my website and designs because like the girls in high school who bullied me, you’ll also be buying my clothes and sucking up my ass.
Bullies could be dealt with and they would only be in your school. Now they can be hiding behind a screen anywhere in the world! Life was lived without showing your 'perfect' life to everyone online!
Just two weeks ago you said NO to schools reopening. Now you've let Trump bully you. Shame on you. Shame on you.
In middle school, I would threaten bullies with my botdf buckle belt. I’d take it off and loosen it and swing it around and say “you wanna fucken go then?”. There’s a reason people called me the crazy emo bitch w pink hair. No one messed w me tho
I grew up believing I was the most beautiful girl alive, even though I was bullied for my skin color back in high school, some kids even believed I was foreign but look at me today https://twitter.com/ningiza_sive/status/1220068426674253824
sapulpa: listen, i may be biased cause the time i spent there i was in rehab but the people there suck. sapulpa high is the ONLY school that i’ve been to where i’ve been bullied cause of my appearance. like hello i was sharing 4 mirrors with 11 other girls. i made the risquè
A lot of it was bs though. My friend went to school with him and said he was a bully
This was every girl who bullied me in high school
Give that advice to your bully husband. Go save the children in Puerto Rico that have been left with homes or schools
This is vomit inducing. This is what happens when high school bullies don't move on from "Skool DayZ, Best Evar!" or never leave their home town to learn about the world. Reliving "glory/oldendays" until insanity. Get themselves 12wks of training, a gun, badge and free reign.
all girls who bullied me in high school and asked me "are you like, emo, are you depressed" became nurses so if you're wondering why we have an entire generation of cruel nurses w no empathy... there u go
You know I ain’t lying... Columbia High School was a fool bro . And the same mfs that talked shit and tried to bully me out here looking like they scraping the bottom of the barrel
me pretending to beat up the high school bullies. savior.
LMAO THIS GIRL WHO BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL TRIED TO GET AT MY BOYFRIEND RIGHT BEFORE I MET HIM AND HE TURNED HER DOWN AND GUESS WHAT SWEETHEART - IM DATING HIM NOW HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA sorry i just had to tell this to the world
Real facts about me: 1st: My first pet chicken was named: Xyclon Craw X the 3rd 2nd: I’ve stolen a lego r2d2 from a bully at school 3rd: I’ve touched and licked some tits (not my mom’s) 4th: I sold a normal plain rock to a guy at school for $20 Wait one of these are fake!!
So! Starting from my childhood, i was bullied from middle school to high school. I was bullied by both guys and girls then. So what made girls scarier?
not to be the type of bitch who complains about this but the pop bitches who say theyre into alt are literally the same people who would bully the 'weird' kid and call them a school shooter for listening to metal lmao
PREACH GIRL. And it continues in college with stupid prerequisite classes. It's all shit. In High school I had horrible and mean teachers that actually bullied me when I didn't understand something. But it's the students fault when we can't pass. Ridiculous.
Two paths from high school into careers in public safety: 1. Did you bully? Put out fires. 2. Get bullied? Find the firestarters.
i got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied &amp; we movedi got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied &amp; we movedi got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied &amp; we movedi got a g
I would have loved to have had that opportunity all throughout my time in middle/high school, but I was the kid who was bullied for liking anime or anything of the sort especially by the girls i have a minor fear of girls due to one particular experience
Nope. It's the school bully idealogy of people who don't want accept they're in the wrong. As soon as a bike runs a red, all drivers want the rider locked up but they're defending a guy on his phone operating a car?
Ok but like one of the girls got bullied in high school perhaps!!
girls who wore 3 &amp; 4 in high school got bullied for days
I didn't really get bullied in high school but middle school I was bullied a lot. My lunch table would always just be me and my two friends, and a couple times a couple girls sat at our table but it was only to make fun of us.
this is the type of guy to bully someone in school because he has an android
a person that used to be my best friend just came knockin on my door?!.. hmm, okay so when where you when i got bullied in school?
remember when the girls that bullied me in high school dmed me apologizing once i glo’d up then when i didn’t reply continued to bully me lol
To all my girls, this is for you. Never let anyone define your inner character, especially the haters. I've been bullied from 1st grade to senior year of high school. I still deal with it this day &amp; it hurts me so much.
uh thoughts about my bullying so beware. as recent as two days ago, I still have nightmares about my elementary school bullies so no, I'll never forgive them just because they were kids, I was one too fucker
Devious Kisses, the first steamy bully romance standalone in an all-new series, It’s Just High School is now up for preorder for a special price of $2.99! Amazon : https://amzn.to/2WP7BG0 : https://amzn.to/3fQEjOC : https://amzn.to/32MABSm : https://amzn.to/2WRTaAV
I remember Michael Ibrahim when I taught at Merrylands Public School ... he was a nasty thug &amp; a bully even then &amp; he had a horrible sister called Fifi who was just as bad ... the whole family deserves to be locked up
I wish i could talk to middle school me. Tell her that life really does get better &amp; that i am beautiful cause i knew i never believed that then. I wished i could tell her that she looks fucking awesome in black lipstick and that the bullies opinions don’t matter.
I'm "an adult" - school & high school was hell. I was picked on, bullied, felt alone, ate my lunches standing alone against the caff. wall. Was the "fat girl" noone asked out or if i was, it was as a joke. I was too afraid to try hurting myself, so i just made it through. Truth.
My youngest daughter, who is a beautiful girl, was bullied for months her junior yr in high school. This girl would follow my daughter home from school telling her to kill herself. School did nothing. I finally hired an attorney who contacted the school and it magically stopped.
I lOoOoOooOove when guys that used to bully me in high school message me how hot I am &amp; that’d they’d love to get to know me better sir fuck you
Bahamian twitter is like one big private school where the kids act out and do troublesome shit cuz they have low self esteem issues and they lack attention so they play the bullies and “pick me’s”
Did you mother Not raise you right? When you call people names, you confirm you have the IQ of a 5th grade school yard bully Get back to leading - oh yea you can’t do that So get back to addressing pandemic - oh yea can’t do that either Leave office and bully someone else
someone bully me into getting off here, i need to finish my school work
My one coworker just told me “you don’t look like you got bullied in high school” girl if you only knew
My name is Shawn so...... all throughout elementary school anytime the boys would bully me (I was also very good at sports) they would say I had a mustache or I’m I’m a man I basically never had a boyfriend until I was older (senior in HS)
cant believe i let my mean ass early high school friends bully me out of making YouTube videos bro a chick made 2k on her last video im-
Did we all have the same roommate? This girl started crying and talking about She got bullied in high school. That’s nice honey -don’t forget to wipe the counter when you’re done.
The girl that bullied me in high school just tweeted “I can’t imagine being mean like imagine carrying that anger around”
You sure seem obsessed with posting photos of those you say you dislike, usually doctored ones. Reminds me of an elementary school bully leaving drawings and notes for the girl he likes but who can’t bring himself to admit and act like a decent guy. Either way, childish.
Not me crying over my high school choir memories like the directors weren’t ableist bullies and the majority of the kids werent bootlicking bullies. Not me missing the most traumatic part of high school.
Well well. We saw how bad that went for Hillary when she called us Deplorable. Do they ever learn??We don't care what you call us we Vote for who we want. We are not School children you can bully by calling us names.
lana del rey looks like the girl who bullied you for listening to lana del rey in high school
the high school english teacher has a picture of Che hanging up in the class room. when i asked why he had a picture of a butcher he tried to bully me.
when girls that bullied me in high school ask for my weight loss plan
Trump isn't a bully or a dictator. He's a punk with little hands. Trump is the dude in school who had to get that last racist word when you had already squashed it. Now you gotta beat the brakes off him. Stop using powerful words to describe a weakling.
I keep seeing things indicating a large overlap of girls who were bullies in high school becoming nurses and I don’t get it. Maybe it’s the Roald Dahl teacher theory.
“i didn’t forget when y’all used to bully me in high school” .... a real caption to a selfie from a girl who was NOT bullied from my high school
They should not be freed. A school shooter is a school shooter. They got bullied and killed people for it. A bully is a bully, a killer is a killer. Alec McKinney is a murderer and should be treated as such.
Hypothetical situation. A school bully punches you directly on the jaw every single day after school for 3 and a half years. One day he decides to hug you instead of deck you right in the face. Is all totally cool and forgiven?
If my kids don't get bullied at school, Imma have to bully them myself
I got bullied by white and black girls because I was “too white” for some of the black girls in high school and “too black” to be able to fit in with the white girls, so I was never “cool” or anything, ha. I totally get it
I am watching a Dolan Twin video and they are telling us how they struggled in childhood and how parents would not include then in stuff. It's just so rude and how their sister and they get bullied in school and how boys will like fiscally bully cameron. It's just hurts my
This girl really just said she didn’t like me because I reminded her of the girls who bullied her in high school like sorry what lol
⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀✎ ⨾ ─ can’t believe we got a legitimate high school-headass bully among us in a rp verse about demons vibing in hell. is this real?
sorry for the typo, corrected! Person Who Accused #APRIL #Naeun Of Being A School Bully Admits They Spread Fake Rumors And Apologizes
And then we threw an absolute rager of a party but some high school bullies showed up and I fought about 20 people at once like I was motherfucking captain America
this just proves my theory that every nurse is just the girls that bullied you in high school
I have been bullied a lot at school. But my mom was strong and always supported me. I am totally alone in the world now. I don't easily make friends. Despite all our troubles, we should always support the underdog, the victim, the persecuted. Justifying bullies is not the way.
me and my sister are literally high school bullies
I don't know but to trully be able to speak about it kinda helped processing the whole shittybthing that ended up impacting me like Also was I lucky that the dirrector in high school knew the bully who did a false claime on me cause without her man I would have gone not survived
why are all the bullies from high school trying to hook me up with Ray Bans for $24.99
she saves u from ur high school bullies then u developed a heavy crush and dream abt her be ur personal bully but she doesn’t even remember saving u from ur bullies that day
I really let y’all bitches in middle school bully me for liking One Direction... should’ve beat y’all ass
Today it seems the two purposes of the USMLE are to bully USMDs into “accepting” that they “deserve” or have “no other choice” but to effectively be deployed to rural programs in fields they dont want. Only a test regimen could do this, because legacy schools would find a way out
Why? He mocks people with disabilities, he calls people names. He IS the bully in school that everyone, except for other bullies, avoided at all costs. Maybe he needs to see what it is like.
do you think if we bully 2020 enough it will have to move schools
It's interesting to me that not everyone up here is like that. I think low self esteem definitely plays a part. I've heard he was a bully at school. I think we're all having to live out a personal psychodrama with him- and the other Scottish Tories.
we have a high school bully in our hands
in high school i was always called ugly and was bullied for telling a girl i liked her now i dont care what anyone fucking says about me aint nobody going to stop me from loving myself period.
If you're having problems with the school bully, try ignoring the problem.
Lmao u know ur on the right track when one of ur literal high school bullies super swipes on you on tinder
Three things I learned from sex education: 1) high schoolers have sex all the time 2) I’m not the only one who gets bullied when dressed as a girl 3) never fucking trust the disabled kid
Thinking about the time I changed schools because I couldn’t stand up to my bully
Reminds me of this girl that used to get bullied for her dumb comments, snitching ways and “matter of fact” attitude, then her body shape when people started getting cruel and running out of things to say that would effect her (high school)- she’s now a member of the RCMP here
Er probably i have some so repeatedly @kids at my school
Agreed. I was bullied in junior high by a girl who didn’t like the way I looked. She said I reminded her of her friend who had died. She made everyday miserable for me for a good year.
pretty sure this girl bullied me in high school
in elementary school I got bullied for liking sabrina the teenage witch and high school musical because they were for girls so when years later I started feeling like a girl I knew I had to bury those thoughts real fucken deep
I blame shit like this for the horse girls who got bullied in high school
Have you heard? 21% of girls in middle and high schools reported being bullied online or over texts while less than 7% of boys reported being cyberbullied. View the article below . https://www.campussafetymagazine.com/safety/girls-report-cyberbullied/?utm_source=newsletter&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=content&amp;eid=350371393&amp;bid=2494371&amp;fbclid=IwAR01lMzsL-fPdCMxAmy2qfIRYSkec0tkprSXD6hJZqBwMmUjZFowYHvXa0s
Bully from middle school: "I was a such cool guy back then" Me: *Remembers the trauma they caused me and is the a reason why I have body issues* WHY THE FUCK YOU LYING
go to the same school as btspoppers? and what then? they'll bully me till i move schools
Facts like for example you would probably bully me in school but here you are teaching me how to cook eggs
The sort of injustice @scottishautism raised with the help of @Fionasstalker lights a fire in me. Now, for my own well-being I am pouring a glass of wine and watching the sparrows in the garden school the bully boy crows in how to empty the feeder. Have a safe and happy weekend
dante writing inferno is the ancient italian equivalent of downloading sims free play so you could name one person your elementary school bully and make them pee themselves
I have PTSD from the prolonged trauma of being bullied for 8 years on the bus - an elementary to middle school girl alone against a full bus of catholic high school boys
I just watched #kathyburke #allwomen and it was brilliant i feel like i can now declare myself a human being and say that im different and its ok! Throughout high school i was a tomboy and i got bullied cos i didnt look like a typical "girl".They made my life hell! @KathyBurke
im gonna end up marrying the girl from your high school that was bullied for being in the campus christian club
btw I should make it clear for posterity that I don't actually think it's bad that Matt Goodwin has a weird damp-looking head and the sweaty, softly creeping affect of the kid who stands sniggering behind the school bully, I think it's bad that he's a fucking enormous racist
In an effort to make healthier decisions for myself I’ve stopped drunk texting my ex and started drunk texting the girls who bullied me in high school
I was highly suicidal. I was receiving death threats for defending my still best friend from a bully. Make me cry-fine. Make her cry and I'll fuck you up if I can get to you. So mom had to pull me from school in Dec2005. I didn't go to an actual school again until Nov.2008.
I just had a nightmare where I forgot to take a class in high school and I had to go back as a 21 year old and all I really remember is getting bullied by freshmen girls. A true horror.
Japanese Twitter really bullied a high school girl into deleting her account for buying a car with part time money. I fucking hate this platform
a historical film taking place in March of 2020: -suburban teen struggling w high school. v shy at school but is secretly tik tok famous -gets bullied by popular blonde girl -coronavirus hits -popular girl learns that popularity only matters if it’s online and involves pay
Trump has had a fixer cleaning up his mess's, right from the time his was a bully in school. He was so bad that dad pulled him out &amp; put in New York Military Academy. Seems that while there he spent a lot of time in his room allowing problems to fester.- 1963 - age 17
When I was a freshman in high school, my class had to decorate the halls for spirit week. The teacher who sponsored us had her older brother (40+ yrs old) help us. He told me girls like me bullied him in high school and I’d peaked at 16. Hope that man is bald &amp; divorced rn
convict and sack John Edney, Florian Hilgart and Brad McLeod. that video was disgusting, they look like violent high school bullies degrading that poor man. no morals, just glorified thugs. do a bit fucking better @VictoriaPolice.
I was bullied horribly in EYC (thanks, mean girls!) but loved serving as an acolyte and led our acolyte guild as a high school senior. Being an acolyte was a way to participate deeply without negotiating horrible social situations.
I was bullied in High School. Only for a short time by a Boy. Puberty Sucks. But back in my Day it was different. It's strange as we are Good Mates now &amp; at our 10yr School reunion in 2001 in front of his Wife he apologised again. Now he's a Father of 2 Teenage Girls.
I'd rather go to a school filled with anime stans and watch them dudebros fight each other and bully hentai weebs
Really hope they bully the gay out of him at school.
In elementary school circa 1999 there was a red head kid in my class named Rusty who was the school bully. It was very after school special apropo
4. We think Jemima is creepy, a bully. We would not like to have her as a sister. Yes we have a sister. Esmēe is crazy and annoying. Kylie is annoying. Jovi, Josh Lochiel school
Peggy you're so sweet!! And this lil girl is beautiful..I was bullied all thru grade school and high school cuz I was chubby and poor...but I'm mad at myself cuz I let them bullies win..I quit school in the 10th grade cuz I couldn't take it anymore. Never graduated
I keep running into this girl who bullied me in high school. She keeps pretending to be kind to me and I don’t know how to not be uncomfortable being kind back, y’know? I am kind to her but like, I wanna be confrontational.. could be my Aries moon.
Watching girls who bullied me for being chubby in high school post statuses idolizing Lizzo.
First of all, his childish school yard bully bullsh*t ads are ridiculous. Let’s kill them with facts, grown up talk, and call them out on all the lies...every time.
hmmmmm say hello from me . Lmao of course message me! Don’t let him bully you! I will never stop speaking out about the bullies at stage schools &amp; the ways of teaching there. Not all teachers are like that, &amp; you can learn so much from training so keep going!
It's exactly that. The playground mentality of school bullies. I often wonder what it is about Doctor Who that actually appeals to them.
It finally happened... a girl who bullied me in high school texted me about a pyramid scheme. I've finally ascended to peak college student.
You think a girls bad until you find out she getting ignored by the kid who got bullied in high school
That's RIGHT! I hated school because I was a wimp &amp; got beat up a lot. But, I did learn what the rest of Society was going to be like! Bullies didn't change after school, they were empowered more so! Knowledge was cutting edge &amp; 2 face my fears, paychecks were better than theirs!
https://www.facebook.com/5550296508/posts/10160228839021509/ Take the high road? How about Stand with the little girl who is being bullied.
I got BULLIED lol literally bullied all because of my skin color, was bullied from the 5th grade to my freshman year of high school, physically and mentally like girl what??? at the end of the day, we’re all black &amp; like I said the divide is stupid but don’t say one can speak out
When I was in normal high school, there was a very popular girl who was routinely praised and revered for being so smart while I, the social outcast, was constantly bullied for THE SAME THING.
what the fuck even???? you WERE being embarrassing and you STILL are being a grown ass woman coming for me and insulting me and then saying it was justified, this isn’t middle school stop acting like you’re entitled to bully someone and not have it reciprocated
The Final Girl with her boyfriend, before it's revealed that she's the killer, because he bullied her in high school and doesn't even recognise her.
I didn’t get bullied in high school but i remember how y’all used to treat other Heavy sets kids and ion like that. So stay the fuck away from me since now liking big girls is cool here come ya bum ass tryna holla! Eat a dick bro lol
Girl....I cannot WAIIIIT to go to my high school reunion JUST to see who’s lives went to shit. Hoping that all the bitches who bullied me got the karma they deserved hahahah
GOD IM SO MEAN but i feel like if i went to elementary school with the met brothers i would 150% bully them
Y’all are such shit at roasts honestly, my elementary school bullies had better come backs than this.
My elementary school PE teachers never gave me shit for being an unathletic nerd. They didn't let the athletic kids bully the nerds. A properly trained (or empathetic?) PE teacher really does just instruct about various athletic abilities. I didn't know I was so lucky.
8-Year-Old Mexican girl Adhara Perez with Asperger's who was bullied and labeled 'weird,' has IQ of 162, higher than Albert Einstein at 160 - Adhara has completed high school and hopes to attend University of Arizona
This reminds me of three specific girls in high school, I wasn’t bullied by them but they radiate this same energy
When I was in middle school and high school I was one of those girls who thought I’m just gonna marry a white man. I got tired of being bullied and being made fun of by people including my “friends”. I thought if I married a white man my daughter would be lighter with looser hair
i couldn't see anything if i use night mode in the sunlight after school plz dont bully me haha rawr XD
If you want to be a school board lawyer, it helps to be a bully
We’ve shown my kids a lot of #80smovies and I’m pretty sure they’re convinced i never made it through a single school lunch period without a bully flipping a lunch tray in a dork’s face or a slow clap. Sadly most of my lunches were just eaten with no applause.
they bully me at school but it doesnt bother me since i know what clips they fake
Idk why I'm watching this movie but it's centered in Europe and it's bout how the older kids at this school bully the younger ones to create "order" or whateva and it's makin me thankful that in America it don't matter who or how old you are, anybody can catch these hands.
where the girls at that bullied me in middle school and high school that i “killed with kindness”?? I’m ready to fight now
well I was bullied for being a geek in my youth and high school. The worst was Gay Shaming which a guy who's into girls but they apparently in a Lutheran school thought I loved guys. So 3 years of hell = well ALS came up right away. Yeah some guys look like girls Crying Game..
Yes. Read an article said he's a bully from way back in his school days
It's part of human evolution that we look for patterns. That's how we survived, but it does mean that we make false assumptions. I was bullied in Jr. High by a girl who was from Georgia and thought of herself as a Southern Belle. The accent still triggers negative feelings in me
My school bully - who made my life hell for nearly 5 years - is a Human Rights Solicitor.
Arsenal: I made you punch ur screen Adopt Me: I made u get thrown into the water as a baby Royale High: I made you get bullied by girls for being ugly Piggy: I made u get spawn killed Adopt Me Get the hecc out of here
Sidney is such a mean girl for someone who apparently got bullied so much in high school.... #TheBachelor
I think its really funny that all of the girls who bullied me in high school got fat after karma is a bitch
Most of all because in high school I was the typical bullied girl and I've got a trauma because of it. Of course my recent bout of depression wasn't just because of this, but this triggered it. Also my finances are not the best and Ive been thinking about my mom a lot...
As a boy I used to get bullied by females get to high school come to find out they liked liked me but teach your son if you tell them stop more than 2 times boy or girl and they don't beat they ass
Kinda is it not , I been to doctors cause they harm me , I had change 3 schools cause bully got bad , when I don’t feel srry I meant as a person , I didn’t care about the weight I meant I don’t feel srry for u as a person
When I look at a police officer all I see is a coward. A person who got bullied in high school and doesn’t fuck girls
but uh i can assume being a girl and being idk maybe like 6’1-6’3 is not easy to deal with because they probably have gotten bullied ESPECIALLY in middle school and high school. in middle school everyone gets bullied for literally anything about you that’s different.
the same people that say galentine’s day unironically are the same people that bullied other girls for no reason in high school
d-did my old high school bully f-find my stan acc I HATE IT HERE
If my own are still children, then they must need to go back to infant school and need to grow up Just like the bullies in my life I have met from many areas. Money means fuckall now, and if so it will mean fuckall soon
Yeah own those libs!! Get tear gassed without protection like a REAL American! When I was at boarding school, a bully poured pepper (just like pepper spray) down my shirt and I didn’t go grabbing protective gear
Could not have been said any better. Home schooling charter schooling parochial schools you don’t have the disruptions and the bullies you can learn in a great environment unlike the public schools for the teachers in ministration or’s to squat to protect the children
The Family Of A 14-Year-Old Sentenced To 11 Years In Juvenile Detention. https://blavity.com/family-says-11-year-juvenile-detention-sentence-of-14-year-old-who-they-say-has-mental-illness-is-inhumane wow. if kids are being bullied and you cant stop such as a parent and as staff of the school then remove the bully or relocate the victim theres options such as k12 and transfers
The girl that bullied me in junior high is still ugly and miserable according to Facebook
why does Buffy get bullied in high school when she’s a conventionally attractive white girl wtf
I dont like someone who bully people with not perfect grammar if bully have not perfect grammar lmfao and I m @CiudatulR lmfao lmfao lmfao. I want to go in high school(liceu) bc I am booring at time of summer and sleppower(Imagine didnt sleept night )
At an intensive summer 6-week high school credit program, I kept mastering the physics lesson in 5 minutes and reading the rest of the time. The other girls in that class bullied me mercilessly, even to the point of physical violence.
When they found out I was going to community college instead oooooof... its funny how the “nerds” were also the bullies at our school
I was bullied by a group of girls in high school because I didn’t go to church. The hypocrisy still pisses me off over twenty years later.
girls who bullied u in high school for being “too political” will go to the chaz for instagram pics and call themselves activists. u know who u are.
gotta bet shiv was a school bully
Worm is about a bullied girl in High School who wants to become a Superhero in a world populated by Heroes and Villains. Her only power, tho, is manipulating insects. The journey beyond that point and the choices she makes really caught me off guard
@GOP School supposed 2 be a safe place 4 learning &amp; interacting socially Not exposing kids 2 sickness, death &amp; injury Whether it’s shootings A Pandemic Or a cyber bully U don’t seem 2 care We see It’s just about pushing The agenda of thee So tell me Ur “Pro-life” of unborn ONLY? https://twitter.com/GOP/status/1286405835057438725
A lot of what kids, especially younger kids, learn in school is not about what's in the books but about how to pay attention in the classroom, how to make friends, how to not be a bully, how to deal with bullies, etc. My 6 year-old needs to be around other kids his age.
help i’m actually upset they r suppose to be family not high school bullies
I still wonder to this day who was the girl that texted me from an app and “got on my ass “ after she said I bullied her through high school like what
this girl freshman year of high school bullied me and my friends for being virgins when we were all 14
Isn’t it sad how people now live in fear to speak up in this country. This is what trump and his deplorables have done. They are the bullies we all hated in school. Fear sells, but #TruthMatters. #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare if you’re afraid to use your voice, use your pen #Biden
Having my leg slowly broken by a bully at lunch, then having to walk around on it for the rest of the day at school because no one would believe me. My classroom was on the third floor. Then I spent the weekend with an untreated broken leg because my parents didn't believe me.
I was bullied for nearly three years of junior high over rumours that I liked girls and somehow everyone still lost their minds when I came out as bi in year 10.
bruh i was really bullied in high school for reporting a sexual assault, BYE GIRLS, not boys, GIRLS.
Keem Star is like that bully in high school who just never stopped being a bully in life his own happiness isn’t enough so he needs to tear down other people. Sad case
It will never happen. He's like a carnival barker: fast-talking out & out lies with the belief he can say them fast enough where won't have time to ck & therefore believe him. Ohio should be ashamed. He's like that bully in high school.
What I have observed in my own family is akin to all the little kids who follow the bully around the school yard and cheer him on when he picks on the nerd. My family is delighted when Trump slams people verbally. They love the nastiness of his treatment of our
Damn, dude. You really seem to dislike Ghost of Tsushima. What, did the devs bully you in school?
You think your pathetic digs that sound like a high school bully mean anything, I am sure they make you feel all giddy about your own pathetic life
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://7ny.tv/2uEvvZB
I graduated high school 3 years ago. And I’m just now realizing the girl who bullied me in sixth grade probably had a crush on me lol
School 1st @shy one 6th @nerdy one 8th @athletic one 3rd @loud one 10th @Loner 2nd @cheerleader 9th @Teacher 7th @principal 4th @Crush 5th @Bully
Omg some girl from high school who bullied me sent me a snap today and idk what tf it was &lt;3
the girls who bullied me in high school are the same girls that can’t read analog clocks
Junior school was pathetic. Life skills learned: -Treading water in pyjamas -carrying an egg on a spoon -rescuing a brick from deep end -how to look a helmet twat after cycling proficiency -how to bully nerds
Me: can we have a movie about the struggles of being alternative or queer in mainstream high school? Maybe a trans person or someone non-binary? Netflix: FUCK you. This girl gets bullied for being too tall. *Spits on me*
I actually got a “friend” request from this AWFUL and TOUGH girl who bullied the out of me in Jr. High and High School.... I mean, wtf? Is she wanting to make the REST OF MY LIFE miserable?
When Nimbe, a pliant child who would rather walk away than stand up to a school bully, was forced into a fight with his bully by his gambler-father, his life takes a spiral he never recovered from. #NIMBE
If someone has MD after their name I try to be a little extra respectful if possible. You may need their care someday. Just sayin. Med school isn’t a breeze. Please don’t bully people, it accomplishes nothing
My schools bully shat himself
Here's a line from an old movie. 'No one is going to bully me at school bcz I have a gun in my house.' I'm against gun ownership and I believe it's important to have a structure that doesn't allow bullying to happen. But I also believe that I need to be able to stand up to it.
a girl who bullied me in high school DM'ed me and was like "you're gorgeous don't let anyone tell you different uwu" girl you used to call me ugly and said if i sat on you you'd die because i'm fat. so which is it
I swear it's always the skinny girls that bullied everyone for their weight in high school, that gain weight in their 20's and suddenly go on a 'body posi' tour on their facebooks. I'm always side eyeing especially after they shamed people online for a decade+
Don’t worry about it, Jake. Trump is constantly attacking someone. His methods usually use bully school yard language and juvenile name calling. Trump is one of those people who can dish it out but can’t take it.
This book is amazing for a refugee topic in UKS2. What an inspiring story @strangelymagic. I love how the chapters switch between Caitlyn, who is known as the school bully, and Reema, a refugee from Syria, to show their different and sometimes similar perspectives. Wow!
My daughter was bullied once in high school by someone from a higher class. That girl who bully my daughter has done it once, she came across me, after that she never did.
Not mine but this one girls who dated @Mthokozeni2 was bullied in primary she feared this girl even through out high school they wasn’t even in the same school but whenever she heard she was coming around she’s hide yo I laughed at her everyday
Yes, someone who was bullied in HS and now relentlessly bullies HS girls, but who now has hundreds of thousands of followers and millions of dollars to help in doing it. He’s a giant dick. I was bullied in high school. Guess it makes it okay for me to bully kids, too.
Through all of my elementary school years I would beat up bullies when they'd pick on someone. Even as a kid that type of behavior caused a violent reaction in me. I was kicked out of 4 schools because of it. I never spoke. I just started swinging. I hated bullies that much.
Stop preying on your sorority “sisters” and girls you bullied in high school.
I was bullied for months when I started High School. The girl had a full on 80's flick fringe held in place with hairspray. During Home Economics she bent down to put something in the oven and her fringe touched the lit gas ring! No more bullying...
@AGWilliamBarr1 Thank you for your service and dealing with the insanity of the committee hearings. These proceedings are a complete disgrace to our country. You have shown more restraint when you haven’t been able to respond. The Dems are behaving school yard bullies!
Bullying just irks the hell out of me. You want to beat the shit out of them bc it makes you so mad they just sit there and bully you. Who do you tell? You come home crying and don’t want to go back bc it’s so bad! Ugh! Put me on the anti school bullying task force
Middle school, was so boring and nu everyone seemed to be a bully
I laugh at all the girls I see that bullied me in middle school and high school. yeah it’s me! y’all busted &amp; look bitter
If you didn't vote for someone because of your distaste for someone else who endorsed them it says a lot more about you than your opinion of the candidate. That's like saying you hate skittles now because Chloe the girl who bullied you in high school said she likes them once.
i deserved to have been bullied for being an asshole weirdo but i definitely didn't deserve to have my fb photos made fun of online by girls in my high school...literally traumatizing lmao
Anything can help. Let’s get this kid to school and to show these bullies that she was the star all along
A monthly fee to be reminded how unpopular we are. YAY! The bullies in my grade school were pretty good at monetizing my insecurities as well.
every year y’all do some “imagine if there was a kpop school omg haha i would bully armys so hard yucky” are u tired? cause i am
What the hell is wrong with you? Bisping is the worst commentator of any sport ever. Terrible accent, cant see half the fight, doesn't understand grappling, isnt professional, still talking trash to active fighters. The guy is just a low IQ school bully grown up.
well lucky fucking you. Sincerely, A tall girl who got relentlessly bullied through middle school and most of high school for her size. Obvs the movie is corny and unrealistic (like most teen comedies), but that doesn’t make it okay to disregard others’ experiences
@SenateGOP NO MAIL IN VOTING! GET THE KIDS BACK TO SCHOOL, GIVE THEM SCHOOL CHOICE, MONEY SHOULD FOLLOW THE CHILD! and last- SPEAK UP FOR US!! QUIT LETTING LOUD MOUTH DEMOCRATS BULLY YOU! WE ARE OUT HERE TRYING TO CHEER YOU ON, BUT WE NEED TO SEE YOU STAND UP AND SPEAK OUT
hey! to anyone reading this, it is completely false. madison is the furthest thing from a bully, she didn't even attend high school, she was homeschool since she was 12. and if she did do anything shitty before the age of 12, she was a literal KID. this is absolutely insane.
Me in high school getting bullied by all the mean girls for being shy and introverted but secretly enjoying it
I’m sorry my love, they are just high school fucking bullies.
I was bullied in grade school for having a speech lisp, lupus causing my hair to fall out, being the weird odd girl in class who liked being left alone to do arts/crafts or read comics or horror books/novels and later for being punk/goth alternative when I entered junior high.
Oof and it seems to her you can't say you're grateful to a certain school unless you get good grades put it this way, you cant be grateful of your mom because you've wronged her at times? I cant stand bullies hiding behind a "woke" persona.
can you read? she doesn’t actively use her platform to help the oppressed until literally forced to do so. plus i know people who grew up w her, & SHE was the bully in high school. even her own brother didn’t like her til she started bribing him to. bye
I'm a substitute and going to school to become a teacher and work daily with SPED and PABS kids. We do NOT want this racist bully in our schools or around our children. I will be filing a misconduct report to UNT immediately. @UNTPrez @UNTnews @UNTsocial
You can tell who were the bullies in school and who weren’t. They don’t change in adult life. They just bully other adults.
Tell governors to shut things down and encourage them to tell people to wear masks, if not a mandate, not bully them into opening schools, rehire the pandemic team, fire Jared, follow the pandemic playbook that Obama left him
they are a bully and homophobe ^_^ their friends in high school that were bullied by them said that it were trending in thailand for a while abt how problematic the actor is
@SpeakerPelosi party of anarchy record black on black crime in most democratic control states , hatred of trumpism ,bully as goya ,attack free speech ,encourage economic decline ,no aspiration for minorities , supports poor performing schools , anti enterprise all helps China
I replied to a tweet about girls having stereotypes saying I got bullied in high school for not wearing makeup and people are saying I'm bullshitting. Nah fam at my high school if you didnt wear makeup you were considered ugly no matter what unless you were popular
When i used to see bullying going on at school. I would go bully the bully. Lol im still like that.
LMFAOOO IVE SEEN THAT LASSIE EVERYWHERE she looks like a school bully
the bully of my high school years, who was bragging about marrying the number one hero All Might
Also if my mem serves me right I believe the girl who fucked her dog got bullied so fucking hard after she left the school. Can’t quite remember tho bc it’s been like 7 years almost since I heard abt that... high school was a lil bit ago lol
i went to a predominately black school, and most students there didnt like the white kids and liked to bully them, since it was easier because there were do few of them. i thought "isnt this racist??" and i thought that way for a long time before i realized its not the same.
"dont talk to me or the school bully ever again, son"
wait the girl that bullied me in high school has a boyfriend and i don’t... it’s a cruel world people !!!!
In middle school the name people used to bully me was “Jake Mattern-ity leave” and yes, that’s really clever for the sixth grade but also implies there’s shame in caring for your newborn child. The better name would have been fecal Mattern you dumb fucks.
It's time to take a stance against bullies in our schools. Here are some bullying prevention techniques that can help: https://www.higgins3.com/news/bullying-prevention-techniques/
I still wonder if my elementary/middle school bullies know how much trauma and misery they caused me on a daily basis lol hey guys how we doin
Yikes, now you're creating your own narrative to attempt make your childish ramblings make some sort of sense. Im not "fretted" in the least, as I've said your nonsensical responses are quite entertaining. Like a high school girl being bullied? Not sure what...
Yeah, it's not fair but I have such a visceral reaction to that last name. And the Vig who was one year older than me is school was such a bully, beating up so many younger kids
Teachers are actually very very negligent. They react to bullying only because its a moral concern, ignoring what the bullied one is going through. Schools would at times punish the bully, but what about the follow up of the one bullied?
Briefly in primary school and in high school I was bullied for being skinny ...bra the comments these other girls would make were cold
Barr was high school bully.
my bitch @x3_SaTylejah came to school &amp; still turnt up ツ
Flo Milli rap like a middle school bully
Clearly everyone responding to my original tweet went all conspiracy about voter fraud despite clarifying voting in your hometown is completely legal when you reside in a different county to go to school. Tired of being harassed so I deleted it. Smh people are such bullies.
I was bullied by a big girl in Jr high, until one day, in my hurry I passed by her on stairs, a no-no, she pulled my hair, I reacted with a punch to her fat face, she fell back onto the sheep behind her and no one ever messed with me again, EVER!
When I was in 5th grade the girl that bullied me until high school looked at me and whisper yelled to her friend that my thighs were bigger than her head. Before that my grandma’s friend would always talk about my big legs and thighs
Disgusting. High school all over again. I'm a girl, but I used to have people judging me because I felt comfortable wearing loose baggy clothing. I was bullied by a few popular guys for not being girly, and called a "lesbo" by them.
LOL! I’m thinking that to truly identify with Napoleon, you had to experience some bullying in school—and NOBODY was stupid enough to bully Petey at school!
I was bullied in high school because I apparently acted like a privileged white girl. I had no experience not being privileged and I quickly learned to hide it. I have ADHD and was rather impulsive with my actions and behaviors but suffered the consequences of those actions.
21 pilots makes music for girls who bullied you in high school and now posts suicide/mental health awareness posts on their Instagram story
Amazon was started in a garage, Facebook in a school dorm, what land or generational wealth are you talking about?
/ YOU COMPARED A BASICALLY A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY TO A MURDERER Please tell me I read this wrong because let me tell you how incredibly fucked up that is. Draco never killed anyone. His worst crime? Being forced to be apart of a cult where he didn’t have a fucking choice
I was liked well enough. Bullied and called a f*g by the homophobes but people liked me just fine in general. Still friends with some people from high school today. They like me more now as a girl tho lol
I'd go just to tell the girls that bullied me in high school to fuck off. I was too shy to do it back then.
First the buffoon: trump claims it’s up to State, local & parental authority. BS! If you withhold our/your kid(s) from school, he’ll withhold moneys allocated, bully you, threaten you &amp; Worse have others do the same. He might go so far as to send out Border Patrol to confiscate
hyyh yoongi used to bully hyyh jungkook at school but later on, the other members all met each other at detention and yoongi and jeongguk became friends but jeongguk fell for yoongi when yoongi always played the piano. yoongi denies his feelings for jungkook because he's scared.-
Yup. Junior high. I was bullied, spit on, and shoved down a flight of stairs. All because I was a "Smart Girl". Administration did nothing.
this is what horse girls who were never bullied in high school look like when they reach adulthood
that bunny girl rascal show was ok from like the 2 eps I watched of it but ppl who use it as their icon scare me bc they r either hentai connoisseurs or 16 year old girls who would of bullied me in high school for bein goth and a gay person
Like a high school LAN party but for abusing civilians with tax-funded military equipment
This. At school P.E. was just a stomping ground for all the bullies to play football and just be fucking gross. Why would anyone who isn't a neanderthal be interested in that? My favourite exercise is walking, thats far more rewarding than extreme dodgeball.
Y’all will try to bully mfs in high school, then graduate &amp; end up fat &amp; miserable. You get out what you put in
Do you believe that I was a fat girl when I was in junior high school? Being bullied is my almost everday food. That was not easy at all btw.
me being attracted to girls vs girls who are pretty but they look like they would’ve bullied me in high school. the big battle
bruh- all those posts about girls who were mean to you in high school trying to slide into your dms after the fact to get you to buy into whatever they’re doing... i thought this didn’t actually happen until i received one from a girl who bullied me
When school bullies grow into adults.
i hate glee and how fake woke it was i watched it in high school as a so-bad-its-good thing There's an ep where they wear shirts saying what they get bullied for (that they're proud of/embrace) and the asian girl's just says brown eyes and the handicapped guy's says four eyes???
If you're ever feeling uncool just know that I was bullied by a horse girl in Jr.High
Y’all bullied girls that looked like Lizzo all through high school and now you wanna say she’s “fine”
The US is the bully but also the guy in the back that becomes the school shooter, and is also the creepy Gym teacher that lives in an RV
Increase it then you low life, ghetto, school yard bully thugs. You will always be cowardly pieces of shit, using violence to get what you want. I will always be that talented bitch that you couldn't get to submit.
I did not have a black teacher until I had a Criminal Justice professor in college. In high school I moved to a small town in Nebraska and was befriended by a black girl when I was being bullied. But her family got run out of town. They were the only black family in the town.
@EeshaanS @kushalr89 Rebecca Black pulld out of school coz of incessant bullying by classmates."They wud sing Friday in really nasal voices"
today i learned what a vsco girl is and it turns out its just what all the girls who bullied me in high school look like now so
The first time I got drunk I did that teleporting thing in my memory. Grad after party in a field. The school bully tried to hit on me and I told him to f*ck off and everyone hated him. I guess my friends dragged me away &amp; then I was standing in front of a club
I’ll say it again I’ve never been so thankful to be the child of two immigrants. I was BORN with my exit strategy and have property to comfortably exit to and speak the language. All my white elementary school bullies are crying themselves to sleep while I, smile. :)
girls who bully villagers to move out of their town cause they are ugly are the exact same girls who bullied everyone in my high school and I don't know how to feel about that
When the girls who bullied me in middle/high school for liking girls post some shit about “support LGBTQ+”... where was this support when you were bullying me into suicidal ideation? Where tf is my apology?
Never let them see you Sw... oh hell, you’re way past that now, sweating all over TV like a cowardly school yard bully about to get pommeled into obscurity. Even your @FoxNews rats are jumping ship now #CadetBoneSpurs
these are all the girls who bullied in high school who wanted to be nurses this is what happened to them
1/2 man i havent had so much fun seeing a ass kissin bully get thier ass handed to them over and over again as i did today with low crow barr not since school have i seen a bully craven cringed and cowardly in the face of his accusers.
In the old days: being a NERD meant you got bullied, played games all day and didnt get a girl-boyfriend till after high school. Now: super gorgeous and successful people, doing the exact same thing, complain about trolls. "Nerdy Kid JT" calls bullshit
white girls are like “i was severely bullied in high school for dressing too cool. most girls wore lululemon leggings and sweatshirts, but me? i wore doc martens and high waisted jeans. people made fun of me, but i wasn’t gonna not be who i was.”
thinkin bout freshman year of high school 2011 when all the older girls who played lacrosse bullied us younger girls on facebook and kicked us out of parties
alt tik tok is slowly becoming the “this is MY chance to be the high school bully to anyone who isn’t alt” idc abt straight people but man... the stuff i see
So the word "bigot" here doesn't have it's normal meaning - it's more like being called a paki , yid , mental, lezzer by a school bully. You look around and see that no one is going to defend you for fear of being called the same thing. It just means "shut up and feel shame"
Hey Luca, Stone Cold Steve Austin here. I was bullied at school...My worst memory is when I had 6 boys against me on my own...but you know what...bullies are cowards and you are brave...don't let them win.
You can’t be black, lgbtq+, AND be a coon like this. Cuz they will discriminate, vote against, bully, abuse, beat, and kill you for being the first two things. I know middle school was hard for you, mfs said I “wasn’t black enough” too. But you gotta let that shit go slim.
I miss having a president who didn't act like an elementary school bully by coming up with 'clever' names for anyone he doesn't like.
I sill never forget those girls in middle school who’d bully me for liking one direction only to tell me that they like girl almighty and made in the am
writing a research paper on high school fucking bullies. maybe i can interview you?
Those 2 ppl were so toxic snd mean, even bullied a girl being new to Royale high I would appreciate it you could Report them lol
And taxes are a requirement. We already had socialism in place with the public police, medical, and school programs. And social security. Sorry. We already have Democratic socialism in two of those ares. Cops aren’t. F the mean the bullies. They have the money, but not the want.
“my two favorite humans” *was probably the girl who bullied alt kids in high school*
A story tht was never told, I was bullied in primary because of my freckles and eyelids... bullied again in high school because of my slim body, guess what I had to assure this girl before she dies, now she's prettier than ever, Speak up! Defend yourself before u lose yourself.
How elementary school bullies were back in the day
Maybe. I think it’s who Barr has always been and who he enjoys being. He’s a lifelong bully and power dominator Former middle school and high achool classmates have written about this.
That makes sense. Are the macho boys the school bullies? Do school bullies grow up to still be bullies?
Being bullied for getting a sprite at 1am by a 16 year old girl: high school really does go forever
My bully at school keeps me from making friends before
any girls who bullied me in high school wanna give me some pointers on this video i have to make of me degrading a boy???
Ask em if they have Instagram. So yeah never be Rude to your friends. Be happy and stay positive please. Anyway. I'm not gonna go further on this anymore. Irl friends are grown ass man. Their too old to bully people. You're in college not grammar school idiot.
DAVE URBANSKI Maria Jimenez's 16-year-old daughter told her she was being bullied by a group of girls at James Logan High School in Union City, California — so Jimenez and her husband Eder Rojas drove their... https://www.facebook.com/leslie.price12/posts/3220379004645950
she looks like horse girl that used to bully me in high school
I got sent to the principal’s office in elementary school for fighting. Context matters—I more accurately got in the middle of a fight trying to stop a school bully from picking on another student.
Im sorry you had to experience this Unathi. That guy’s life must be so crap to be that type of person. I actually feel sorry for him. Like the school bully, his the one hurting the most inside of all, and he acts out that way due to that inferiority complex.
What do you expect from Billy Barr (and brothers) notorious High School bullies. This is a replay of the movie My Bodyguard, with Barr shoving democrats into lockers, and swirlies in the Hill bathrooms. He was an ass back then, and remains one to this day.
Kiernan Shipka is the kind of girl I would have bullied in high school
It will pay off in the end my angel! I hope Richard Peakman is not teaching you! He’s the most bitter bully there! Made my life hell at that school! Keep going, keep pushing &amp; working hard!
i went to college to escape all the girls in high school who bullied me just to become a nursing student and have things come full circle huh
I am really accepting of people's religions despite being agnostic but Twitter Tradcaths make me wanna bully them like I used to back in middle school
So those of us over the age of 50 can’t remember how our dad’s told us to deal with bullies at school. I would say the generations that followed up to today have lost their pride and honor overall. But bullies always lose in the end
girls who bullied me in high school are bolts now and im greta von yeet
It’s funny how the girls in high school you were jealous of or bullied you are now crackheads or have 3 babies with different dads and can’t figure out their lives. It’s honestly so funny.
Instead they think having 20 games of foot ball in a row is more important or to take the many minds off the CCP or more pay offs from the biggest bully in the school
Barr sits through all this looking like the school bully who’s been caught and doesn’t know where to look while the principal gives him the dressing down he so richly deserves. Well done @tedlieu.
Lil Sp'ICE and the Several Girls from High School that She Bullied Gay Kids with
Isn't it rich that the same girls that bullied me in high school for being the emo kid are the same ones rocking the e-girl aesthetic? Y'all know it's just diet emo, right?
got bullied for sleeping on the bus on the way to school (older girls called me r-word,slut), bullied for having freckles, bullied for my boobs coming in early, bullied in middle school for liking cartoons, and bullied in high school for being prude. i pushed through it all tho
in the ph and even in high school here in nz i was bullied severely for somehow hanging out with the popular kids even though i dont fit in their idk clique ig? ph was more severe. i was too tall for a 'girl', which made me self conscious and constantly slouched+
Kindy of nerdy high school girl sleeps with football star. That info gets out and no one believes it. Sphe is mocked and bullied by the cool kids until she takes her own life. She's to frail for the world anyway. It's probably for the best.
@dawnward4 was actually that girl in high school who thought everyone gasses off her but she actually just bullied people and manipulated them into being her mate
Way back when, I'd watch disney channel movies and see bullies fucking pour hot sauce on some nerd's dick and make him run around nude to find something to cool his dick off all while the entire school laugh. But it's considered bullying irl if you put (1/2)
Imagine basing your fashion choices on what everyone else BEEN wearing and still thinking you're unique? And furthermore, claiming Christianity yet telling a girl in your mentions that she deserved to be bullied in high school? whew. the delusions.
no offence but ya'll cant touch me i had ALL the school childhoods. I was the dumb dyslexic girl who couldn't read and got bullied and then I learned and became the girl who read high fiction all the time to cope and now I'm back to not knowing how to read!
Literally everyone at school bullies me. It's not fair. I'm too scared to even go in my yard.
We don't ever do this one together because it's such a grind, so the scores were years old. But the old 2nd place was a girl who bullied me in high school (she quit years ago, but the score remained). Been wanting to knock her off for awhile now! This dish is ice cold.
this is how every christian girl who bullied me at my high school dressed
Neurodivergent people as well. Y’all are some real middle school bullies.... like grow up... have a heart.. some empathy...
Bra . It was my grandma died that year then 8th grade year I was bullied so I had to Knock a girl out We got to high school and she was my girlfriend . First pussy I ever ate .
We too old to be clicky and funny acting to new people at work places. Why are bitches in their 30’s and 40’s still trying to be a high school bully?
I agree that sort of name calling is unacceptable and should be punished in schools I also know kids can't be policed entirely and are often ghastly to each other They were to me I lived my whole school days with a sense of threat from bullies, doesn't mean those days were bad
Do not bully school districts into opening. People will die. Stop following trump. Be your own man. Do what is right.
we are bullies we r high school fucking bullies
girl who bullied me in high school: “hey girl!! have you ever thought about being your own boss?!”
A Silent Voice -- A high school boy who bullied a deaf girl in elementary school struggles with guilt and loneliness when bullied himself. A beautiful, powerful story of suffering, healing, things said, and things left unsaid. A stunning film.
Convinced that all pe teachers were bullies when they were at school
If a girl dressed like that at my high school I would have bullied her idk
it makes me sick to my stomach that my sister texts me after school and tells me about how she’s being bullied because she’s friends with a girl that is lesbian. people are telling her “that means you’re gay too” brewer high school......do better.
Whoever wrote this was 100% the bully in their middle school
Look at the white girl in glasses holding the white sign. These are the type of people that were bullied in high school. It’s mob mentality. They just want to “fit in”. They don’t even know why they are there. But #GeorgeSoros does...#RedPilled
The first one is straight up wattpad cringe from the plot summary alone “a bullied school girl gets an app to punish those who bully her but also cha eunwoo from Astro likes her”. RN 2 is more grounded in reality and is good at exposing flaws in korean society
if my elementary school bully turns out to be gay i'd die like who's the fag now? both of us
The only people who are afraid of police in schools are the bullies, the drug dealers and the scumbags. Everyone else don’t mind having them around. The fact that the rioters are standing up for the scumbags is unsurprising.
Bruh what the f*ck did he do say oop on one of Addison posts along with the other 5 thousand simps in the comment section, and you sound like a god damn high school movie bully Just saying
Really I was standing right next to Ricky when that email from that girl came through the one that Courtney bullied how do you think we found out the name of the high school
i wonder if this hot blonde girl i went to college with who once tearfully told me “i started wearing doc martens before they were cool and people at my high school bullied me for it,” has recovered from her trauma.
In the end - and I know it’s an old fashioned view - schools are for children and young people. They deserve to be taught by teachers who maintain high professional standards. Not by those who harass, bully and threaten IRL or on SocMe.
Time put weight on some of your high school bullies. Now, they hollering about how fat people are attractive too.
my mom just said “when r u getting rid of your mustache, you know u cant have that at school right?”... just bc u bully me abt my appearance doesnt mean everyone else will but thanks
One of my Fans is enjoying my Content! You should, too! Feminized by his High School Bully https://iwe.one/aGzoj
That is an 8th grade middle school ignoramus bully would say. Likeyou could score a woman with your caveman mentality, even a 78 year old.
Broooo I swear if anyone bullies my daughter at school, oh hell no
So school board makes parents commit to how kids will attend school BEFORE it knows when school will actually start. Meanwhile, county commission, terrified of anti-mask bullies, caves in to let mask mandate expire. #spineless #morons
I can’t. 3am thoughts LMAO. This girl really bullied herself for high school clout
she looks like the girls who bullied me in high-school
There was a girl in middle school that mildly teased/bullied my daughter. They became BFF's (along with another girl, so they're the three amigos since high school) and now I love this girl like she's family.
It's like a high school debate bullies against cowards sickening
Bullies are just very insecure about themself and want to make other miserable ive had my share of being bullied all in high school
this is not starfire this is the annoying white girl with braces who bullied you in high school
Yes public school need to get our bullies vics in the eyes, dekecked, chalk on the back, no boris johnson
Can't wait to go back into high school and bully people like this again
"you guys are high school bullies" noooo lmao
Nah, the real truth is that the finest girls are the ones who were getting bullied all through high school land told they were ugly. Now they move like they don’t know they the baddest out and I can’t stand it
Like high-school bullies. As Mom’s you should do better. Is it really worth the $’s? Are Kim and Brandi (horrid actors) that desperate for relevance. Mom to Mom’s? Be better - especially in your honest/accountable lives.
some ppl actually only show up in tl when theyre making fun of their non oomfs *scratches head* the way its like middle school bullies just dont sit right
It's funny how most past bully niggas who thought they were better than me in high school still think they are, but 90 percent of em have nothing to show for it @Portland Oregon https://www.instagram.com/p/CDGiRgzj2z1/?igshid=g36r9qifi6bs
also it feels like gaslighting, like as someone with a 36 AQ who fits all the autism criteria, i was bullied so much in high school and these neurotypical sparkle emoji girls go around telling me i can’t say the word “stupid” ?!!
When we were freshmen in high school, she bullied me. For months, she tormented me. Followed me from class to class (we shared a lot of the same classes) and threatened to kick my ass. Sara even gathered several girls to jump me one day.
This is passed the pale even for this spin master. Can he honestly bully his way through this nonsense. Closed Parliament &amp; any sense of Dumb mocking democracy. Due to It's safe for schools &amp; supermarkets to remain open. BUT NOT PARLIAMENT. another Commission to HIDE behind
Made a friend in high school after he first moved here and he asked me to go over to his house to hook up with him, I backed out because I was a nervous virgin and he started hanging out with the guys that bullied me and is now a racist dating a black girl I grew up with
I think that the USA and Canada really need to look at the types of people who are attracted to the role of politician. We need a way to weed out the wannabe authoritarians early. Defining what is bar food to threaten struggling business owners?!? School yard bully BS.
why is everyone so soft, if this girl was getting bullied and this was her response I'd give her a high fucking five
Just a reminder that defunding the police means shifting towards funding community driven efforts which still includes crime prevention, offender rehabilitation, and trained response to violent situations. Just not by the Oakley wearing buzz-cut bully who peaked in high school.
last night i had a nightmare that the girls who bullied me viciously in middle and high school found me and bullied me AS ADULTS and it felt just as bad. i don't begrudge anyone for posting these, we should all feel more comfortable asking for what can help us get through.
VANDAL SAVAGE HAD THE SAME RELATIONSHIP WITH GRANT EMERSON AS LEELA'S PARENTS HAD WITH HER! JUST IMAGINE VANDAL SAVAGE BREAKING INTO A HIGH SCHOOL TO CHANGE TEST SCORES FOR THE SAKE OF GRANT OR HAVING THUGS BEAT UP BULLIES THAT WERE RUDE TO GRANT AND THREATENED HIS LIFE
The house judiciary are been so abusive, bully and unrespectful with Mr Bar! Where is the free speech DEMS aim for? they can't even let Mr Bar respond to their unfunded accusations. Mr President Close the house and give their salaries to charter school.
Kathy Burke does a great interview with Megan Barton for ‘All woman’- but does mention stripping & boob jobs, health warning attached! Possible v high end link to hyper-heterosexual identities for girls- she was bullied at school.
So glad girls are getting hair extensions and doing what they want BUT I was bullied ur of getting them in high school so I grew out my hair I am the loser in this situation but I like my hair so it’s okay now.
Your amazing me and my son who’s 11 and a aspiring pitchers are big fans! He has had a set back by not being able to go on diamonds and season being cancelled but we’ve been working in the yard! Was looking forward to being with friends after bullies at school!
did i miss something or is twitter suddenly full of people role playing as that 1 kid from school who thought he was the big bully?
That was his previous offense. This one is more akin to the school bully hiding the asthmatic kid's schoolbag where he keeps his inhaler.
It can be hard for anyone outside the norm. My parents grew up with a girl who grew to be a broad shouldered 6ft tall in high school. She was so bullied that she killed herself. Tall can be hard as well.
hey girl! sorry I haven’t talked to you since I bullied you in high school but have you considered taking a risk and investing in something AMAZING &amp; WORTHWHILE, all while supporting small business?!
Bitches who bullied me in high school trynna sell me lashes, Girl fuck you!! ill MINK you so hard you can’t BLINK
I had to take matters into my own hands when my daughter was getting bullied , tried the school , community police but still went on so I went the the girls door and said to the dad everytime something happens am coming for you . It stopped that day . Hate a bully but had to b 1
I was a bully in school and it shows
Yup, a lie. Also why does his lawyer bully the Wharton school of business to not release his transcripts?
Man they weren’t playing when they said all the high school bullies become nurses, I just went in for a follow up orthopedic appt and as soon as I said I felt better the nurse shut the door behind her and started shit talking me to the doctor
I'm scared I don't wanna go to a new school what if people bully me and treat me worse What if they find out that I'm Bisexual with a lean towards girls and they bully me or expel me
Wait. How many police officers have been hospitalized? How many protesters? The police are the violent ones. This is like the bully getting caught at school and then crying that he’s the victim.
“taylor swift is the kind of person i would have bullied in high school, but not for being a shitty person, for being a horse girl or something” -@Everett_Cole4
I still think that girl is disgusting for what she did but her getting bullied all over the internet is some high school shit it don’t concern half of the people talking ...
Yeah bc I’m hot, am getting my degrees, am kind, doing big things and am working my passion. I was treated like trash in high school and I’m thrilled to show my bullies wtf is up. Sounds spiteful but the come up is real. Also am excited to see the people I do actually like too.
It's almost as if these people were bullies at school and found the perfect job to continue doing so
i wish i never graduated so he could b my high school bully
I stalked some people that bullied me in elementary school through high school. They're all married now and have wonderful lives... Maybe it was me that was the bully
-However, the bullies didn’t get the hint. They ruthlessly tortured him in and out of school. Izuku wasted no time, sprinting as fast as his little legs could carry him. He could hear the bullies running after him, feet pounding on the pavement, getting closer and closer with-
Girls who bullied me for being fat in high school are now coming to me for fitness advice. I can’t think of a better way to see karma happening right before my eyes.
A drunk mom spills a red icee on your snow globe costume and the girl who bullied you in high school gets picked for meet and greet
my therapist: it’s just a tiktok she can’t bully u in real life the tiktok of the girl who bullied u in high school:
mom be accepting all of my ugly faces and sides while at school some shits just bully me. mother's are the best really.
i’ll never forget the first day of secondary/high school this girl told eveyone i bullied her in year 4
Everyone treated Chris unfairly that was the point of the show if we’re going on who treated him worse it’s the racist bully that beat and harassed him not the mother that lived him but had favourites besides if he didn’t go to the yt school he wouldn’t have met Greg
This year This nasty, school - yard bully of a year...will not stop punching me in the face.
Oh, cause I thought the girl that bullied me in high school for having “Brillo pad hair” said sum about her pyramid scheme
That babcock stuff makes me so fucking angry what a manipulative idiot. No wonder people say he divides the dressing room, when he acts like the girl who bullied you in high school.
In all my years of grade school I’ve only had one white kid “try” to bully me, and it was also the last time anyone ever tried it Lmaoo I beat the dog shit outta jit
-replied to my moms comment with "really? when i was in junior high these two black girls harrassed and bullied me everyday and there was also this black guy who wouldn't leave me alone" blah blah blah etc.. and like.... what the fuck is your point??? black ppl deserve to get-
This tweet w the pfp makes me look like a school bully
Did you even graduate from High School?!?! You sound like a playground bully lacking depth of any intellectual conversation; similar to Trump resorting to bashing anyone who disagrees with him while utilizing a limited vocabulary!
I don't know you or your daughter, but as a mother of a daughter who has been bullied 3 times by 3 different girls, this is excellent news! I hope you daughter can now go to school with her head held high and not live in fear of someone hurting her.
haechan and chani as a baby have a resemblance with my nephew and i saw this vid just now of baby haechan singing at school with other kids and this girl kinda smacks his head sksjsjjs and i felt sad cause i rlly see my nephew in that child!! like bitch dont bully my nephew
Reusing a tweet that takes true brilliance. Have you listened to your songs? Black Rose? You probably hid from bullies in school
Talking about how #YeFisher is a cope, a lie, and a lame defense over using lame school yard bully insults against @ray8fisher. C'mon in and let's talk! #releasethesnydercut #snydercut #zacksnydersjusticeleague, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ197Ds4bw8
hazing is so stupid if you’re trying to prove you’re an alpha why don’t you pick on somebody who can actually fight back “asserting your dominance” on people who are just trying to find a community who cares for them isn’t going to make your high school bully un-bully you
The preppy white girls who bullied in high school are getting even more aggressive lately with these schemes. Coronavirus layoffs got them desperate lmao
...which was right by the pool. I pushed her into it, fully clothed. Swim teacher gave me a lecture about how unsafe that was but then gave me a high five for standing up for myself. I got one day of suspension and that girl never bullied me again.
In my experience the PE teachers would be the old school bullies who still like lording it over people and causing mental damage.
I hate those tweets that are like ‘same girls who bullied me in high school now tweeting about mental health/being kind.’ Ya know what? Good, I hope they’re not just tweeting it. I hope they’re living and breathing kindness and I hope they’ve evolved/grown up.
shes trying to decide on a first day of school outfit and i literally told her if she wore the romper i’d bully her-
Girls who dress like this bullied me in middle school and high school
Well I haven’t started my first day of work yet, but from my previous job, their names were Cierra and Cody. Cierra bullied me tremendously and I felt like I was in High School again. Cody sexually assaulted a girl I worked with and I don’t stand for that. So fuck my old job.
sometimes i rly wish i punched the fuck out of the girls who bullied me in high school
Hi luca, sorry to hear that your having a horrible time, bullies are nasty and they are the ones with the problem, you stay strong and keep telling, the school need to be involved and every time there is an incident you tell Straight away, big hugs yo you
Look, if you know a better way to be contacted by your high school bully about their pyramid scheme I'd like to hear it
It’s odd how we teach kids at school to be wholesome, kind, friendly, respectful, then they venture into the workplace and get bullied or put down or stifled then in turn they become the bullies and get rewarded for it. Why is the world such a nasty place? What’s the point?
i bullied + was totally a mean girl to this pretty blonde once. The people around laughed, even the friends she was with. We were not in the High School anymore so i wanted payback. Instead i felt like a POS and ended up apologizing + cried about what an ass i had been.
I got bullied by an African American girl for years before I graduated high school. Kept telling me how ugly I was because I was pale or that my hair was too curly and too dry to be white girl hair. Or how my body wasn't proportionate because I had a butt and white girls don't.
She's pure high school mean girl isn't she? I wonder if she bullied her Jewish fellow students back then too?
Well it makes um feel important love they were probably school bullies love you know the sort who never grow out of it x
in elementary school I was consistantly bullied by a group of girls who said I was weird and not manly enough. high school i had two bullies in my class who literally used slurs against me and reminded me everyday that if their children were gay they would kill them
girls who bullied me in high school are plants now and im crying
I was bullied relentlessly at a Catholic high school in a Vaughan, ON and no one did anything to stop it. Girls can be so cruel Havergal private school failed to prevent ‘relentless’ bullying against girl, $38-million lawsuit claims
Absolutely! I was just going to post about this! Baron trump’s school is not reopening yet trump is trying to bully all public schools into opening!
a guy ive known since middle school just messaged me on fb asking if for their birthday they can get a booty pic????? and im confused bc he used to bully me????? Lol????
Hey hun reminds me of the girls I went to high school with who bullied me, but message me saying I too can be a “boss babe”
People who bully... especially at school DONT DESERVE ANY RIGHTS
Married at 17? Called Nigerian as a language? Failed in her two marriages and now on her third! Hyped her brother up and then in the same sentence shitted on him. Talked about how high she is! bullied her little girl for the show. Man I cry for her little daughter she raising.
"Donald Trump is increasingly out of step with the country and paying for it mightily in the polls as he cheers the tear gassing of Portland's mayor... bullies parents and schools to rush back in... and abandons his plans for a big convention in Jacksonville" - @NicolleDWallace
girls who bullied me in high school are the vaginas now and im my dick
I want to cyber bully a school board member
Its even better if your bully peaked in high school.
Greg! Please hit on the fact that the Democrats have finally become the “bullies in the school yard.”
*me & fai left high school* two people: OH MY GOD DO YOU REMEMBER THOSE BULLIES
Why did I just open Twitter and see this?! Effective as a bully in a middle school playground? Partisan much? I used to respect you.
I was bullied in high school for missing a lot of school because I was super depressed. Now those same girls are all teachers and “mental health advocates”.
all the girls who bullied me in high school are pregnant
SKSKAKSKSK HES JUST LIKE THE BULLIES AT MY SCHOOL !!!!!!
These the type of girls that bullied the weird kids in high school
not my gross high school bully who made me feel disgusting for liking anime posting abt comics/alta/anime girl fuck you
still thinking about how that little girl said I had blonde hair and blue eyes I wish I was as white as you think I am kid I wouldn’t have been bullied for having high cheekbones and called flat face most of high school
you offend one high school bully and here come all her friends... pack it up dance team
so today......there’s this annoying kid in my class and the girl next to me said “i would’ve bullied him in high school”. i really can’t.
i do with school :/ they'll bully me tho if I'd stream
This speech ought to be shown in schools as a teaching tool of how strong, smart people respond to bullies and calls out the “unapology”!- applicable beyond gender issues. Remarkable.
School was the worst experience of my life. All I've learned is kids will bully and make fun of you for literally anything, even disabilities. Schools never step in to actually stop bullying
Yes I was bullied by my own kind too all through middle school and high school and it was all black girls and they were all mean and mean Is ugly. I get you 1000 percent
Every nurse was the girl who bullied you in high school except for Ann Perkins
Oh no! You're looking at it probably from another perspective. If the school had no bullies, it could have been a different story entirely but he was trapped in the mess and needed peace which he felt drug was the solution. Bn educated dsn't guarantee that peace of mind he needed
Found out the girl who bullied me throughout high school now has 3 kids and is married and still living in our home town. All before 25. Damn ma’am.
Istg Quinn Fabray is the prettiest most perfect high school girl on tv like it should be mandatory for every hs girls to try and be like her and if they dont they should be bullied!! Before lana del rey, she was everything I wanted to be when i grow up (maybe even stil)!!!
He looks like he would bully me in middle school
Frankie and Peaches help Ruby, the new girl at school, find the courage to be herself and stand up to bullies. The Pancake Girl is an inspirational story that shows how a small act of kindness can make a big difference in someone's life. #KidLit https://amzn.to/2YvUF7d #^#
Now i am become the bully from generic school movie taker of lunch money
School blues. School bullies who gave out the blues... Jesus. What a society...
Never nothing important so say except immature school bullies comments. I wouldn't expect anything less from the left
those girls who say “hun” are usually the ones who bullied other girls in high school and also the reason why I can’t stand girls
white hairstylists are high school bullies
some of y’all get on twitter to live out your fantasy of being a mean girl in high school because you were bullied, can’t relate
THIS REMINDS ME OF SCHOOL BULLIES!! I mean i would love to be bullied by lukeran daily &lt;3
Democrats’ refusal to allow William Barr time to respond to their accusations during the House Judiciary Committee's oversight hearing made the former high school bully seem picked on himself, writes @GlobeScotLehigh.
Not my middle school bully following me and liking my retweets, goodbye sister
Lol there are girls that bullied me in high school who steady watch all of my stories and I deleted them so long ago and I’m like Why
I remember when I was in high school this younger girl told her parents that I bullied her and they told me to never speak to her again. I had never spoke a work to this girl in my life. I was so shocked. I literally didn’t even know her name until that happened.
Not @how he looks like the type to bully minorities in high school
purr we high school bullies gabbie hanna tease
thinking about how some girl gets paid six figures to act like a dog on onlyfans and all these girls that acted like dogs and cats in high school got bullied out of their bag
a girl who bullied me in high school is a laker girl now life sucks then you die
I was bullied because I stood up to a group of kids who were bullying an Ethiopian girl for being black. Later at high school I was bullied because I looked like this and had scocial anxiety. https://twitter.com/aquabeings/status/1256260902464090122
I remembered when I got bullied by this girl in high school for liking Lana Del Rey and she called me a dumb ginger bitch. GUESS WHAT COLOR THIS GIRL JUST DYED HER HAIR LMAOOOOOO. Dumb ginger bitch
the girl who bullied me in high school for being bi has a gf now we love character development
So like i'm so sick off these girls bullying me, just makes me wish there was no such thing as bullies or school. :(
0, would bully u at school
Idk who these girls are but they bullied me in high school
people who bullied me for being an emo weeb in middle and high school making eboy/girl tik toks to edgy music now
Madison looks like a girl who would have bullied me in high school. #TheBachelor
I'm sorry you were bullied in high school by a girl who eventually became a nurse, but maybe now you can take comfort knowing they spend their working hours getting reamed out by doctors, kicked in the stomach by patients, shaving taints, wiping assholes, and cleaning corpses
Did the high school bully become jealous when the nerd got to pal around with the jocks earlier?
Elementary-high school, got bullied for being weird, running to my classes and ugly. During freshman year in English, reading Romeo and Juliet we volutenteered to read some lines. I offered to be Juliet and was offered it no problem by the teacher. Though some girl wanted it+
Lethabo was probably those loud girls in high school that bullied the newcomers. #RHOJ #RHOJReunion
He bullied my friend in high school and I tell everyone that for three years straight he made a girl cry and want to switch schools :)
Mever trust girls with a crackpipe leasing flat over a state of bullied high cons when they say ohhh ya face looks like my grandmother
It's just "white" noise tapper. Youre exactly right. Donald J Trump is the very same bully we had in high school and all you have to do to see just how chickenshit he is, is challenge his so called authority to his face loudly and with very focused conviction. They fold everytime
Really the shout should be naming and shaming these drama school teachers (bullies) so they aren’t able to do it to the students there now. I’m trying not to become the first to do it tho I’m shy
last night i had a dream my partner subscribed to the onlyfans of a girl who bullied me in high school
I know this is petty but I love seeing the girls who bullied me in high school get fat. That shit genuinely puts me in a good mood lmaooo
in sixth grade my mom said if i didn’t watch star wars i would get bullied at school so now i bully ppl who haven’t watched star wars
Rashad do you realise you're behaving like a school yard bully? Just because someone has a different opinion to you doesn't mean you have the right to behave badly. You obviously a Corbyn fan and that's okay but he would totally disapprove of your behaviour.
Stop acting like a boarding school boy, bully. Go to work.
My Grandsons are angry about this gender free crap too! 2 in primary 2 @at high school T.he is 16 yr old ASD &amp; got bullied as did a girl in his SEN base. He had to step in as teachers to busy on phones playing games, wee lass would have had nowhere to run if loos unisex!
Are taking the piss???..just go and retire...look after your billions of $dollars.. you really think that seriously poor people who helped to make America..give a shit about you..grow up your a bully in a school yard..money doesn't get respect..its about genuine people
Back in my day being emo or goth or alternative or even just wearing black nail polish got u bullied. Now middle n high schoolers r walking around all "goth GF" this "emo girl" that "alt girls" bla bla bla What the HELL where was MY emo kid love????
This gives me the same vibe as when the girl who constantly bullied the fuck out of me in high school tried to message me 5 years later like “long time no talk omg I miss you!! Have you ever heard of ITWORKS-“
When you open a tweet with name calling it's hard to take you serious. Why can't you act professional? Can you at least try? No, you are not capable. You sound like a high school bully.
I’ve been bullied for how close I was my childhood best friend (who still is my best friend) and probably just being the “weird girl”. I have ADD and a learning disability which affect my social skills which made junior high and high school pretty rough for me socially.
Hahaha this video reminds me of some shitty elementary school bully fuck these people
I'm baffled and disgusted, who raised these bitches mann ðð©
Today on Things I Randomly Remembered: this girl who was in my social circle in early undergrad started dating this guy who bullied me in high school. He was, to use the language of the time, a "total douche". I told her he was trash, and she didn't listen.
Twitter is a verified account looking at my school afte and i hate my friend is also called nuns and i hate my friend is also called nuns and i hate my friend is also called nuns in the franxx is high becuase thru the one who bullied u said those girls be like a thing I just woke
It be the same girls who act so nice and sweet on social media + advocate for rights that they don’t actually care about who bullied Tf out of everyone in high school and are the most terrible people irl
its essential to me that nerd guys understand that the women cosplaying at conventions are most assuredly not the same people as "hot popular girls who bullied me for liking anime in high school". they like anime. that is why they are at the anime convention cosplaying anime
Totally agree. I am not a fan of nasty bully acts. We have enough of this in nz schools and communities let alone a leader of a political party. Along with a high rate of suicide its sad this is the way she wants to conduct herself.
Leftist media bullies are going down like Confederate statues, thank you Nicholas Sandman for standing up to the leftist waste products. Washington Post settles Nicholas Sandmann defamation lawsuit in Covington Catholic High School controversy https://fxn.ws/2EjXym1 #FoxNews
I hear the same derivative anti-Semitic jokes on reddit I used to hear back in high school, bullies never change or grow up or grow empathy
everytime i hear “dream team” i remember in elementary school this group of 3 popular people who would bully me and 2 of my friends. they called themselves the dream team and called us the loser team. it still haunts me to this day
Shout out to them middle school bullies too
Girls who bullied me in high school are now adults &amp; are posting about suicide awareness too. I realize that hurt people hurt people, them posting about suicide awareness probably goes deeper into them suffering from trauma &amp; might even be cries for help. Quit being an asshole.
i’m talking NO EMOTIONAL HANGUPS AT ALL. got bullied in high school NO broke ur arm at practice NO mom told u no ice cream for dinner ABSOLUTELY NOT bc men hold grudges and take them out on innocent bystanders. girls all trauma is welcome but men? NO
thinking about how a popular body positivity influencer who i went to high school with literally bullied girls into having eating disorders...
give me this @don’t listen to ben he’s a bully and a mean person he juuls in the bathroom of his homeschool
Attorney General Barr kept a smug look on his face, like have they audacity ask me those questions. I am Trump man, we will run this country as we see fit. He enjoy the bullying. He was probably a fat bully in school.
What was the first name of your local neighborhood or school bully? #TrumpIsABully
It’s quite funny how the same people who would bully me in school for wearing thrifted clothes are now going to thrift shops to sell for profit. I was bullied so much in school because majority of my clothes were from thrift shops or clearance racks. honestly
He reminds me of middle school bullies that always gang up on people with their friends cuz they’re so “cool”
I been bullied all my life and I swear been bullied more times by other SWers by than I was growing up. Some girls make it seem like they never actually grew out of high school I guess? I will never get that low. I will rise above and become stronger then what bullies say to me.
It's been my long held theory that school PE coaches are nothing but bullies, sadists and abusers. Backed up by years of evidence.
I just love how he calls it “the news” when in reality, he’s just some high school shitbag who bullies people for their or other’s “dirty laundry” and just sits it all unapologetically. Worst part is, he found a way to monetize it. And he’s supported by little shits just like him
Everyone’s depressed before. Tons of kids hate school dude some kids find online better because if their anxiety or how they have to deal with bullies
That poor kid has that cop breathing down on him without a face mask on! That cop could have COVID & he's now given it to this kid! I swear too many of these cops in America are just high school rejects who were bullies in school &amp; couldn't amount to anything else!
No Cap.. I thank god I found a new place to go to high school. My girl not even 50% African American and y’all racially bullied her out in a year. Wildin
I’m sending this comment to my daughter. Six months off school and the bullies are still slagging her off when they haven’t heard of or seen her in all that time!
have never understood girls or women like this. I was bullied so much in middle school &amp; even high school. by high school I just didn’t care anymore. but girls like this are miserable &amp; hate themselves so they have to bring down others who don’t. It’s gross. Parents- do better
Poor Luca, it’s tough but you are being brave and proactive speak to your parents and your school. Bullying should be stopped and bullies should not be allowed to get away with it, I know this is a huge oversimplification but wishing you all the best
Lmao «@AintDatWayTwice @marleymeks said I was a bully in highschool lol like she wasnt slanging packs & thuggin #Aim4Peace»
This woman on Love It it List It talks just like that woman in that “the girl who bullied you in high school getting married” TikTok
They were more than likely bullied in high school and didn’t ever grow from it. Now they get to be the mean girl.
and here I am. I'm 24. 5 years on therapy, depressed since at least middle school. survivor of many things. the bully will forget. I don't have this luxury.
I'm watching Ma and the punishment for bullying really seems to be murder. White boys shoot schools. Awkward black girl murder her bullies after befriending their children twenty years later. Long story short: Don't bully people, it might get you killed.
Girl with crown: said she was bullied in high school and didn’t go to homecoming or prom her senior yr and ate lunch every day ina bathroom stall her senior yr.
Humans have reached a new low when the looks of a 16 year old girl is being bullied. Hold your head high Greta.
@all the girls who bullied me in high school, how is nursing school?
Why did u have a press conference in the middle of the interrogation “hearings” of AG Barr???? It was to take the spot lite off how bad the Democrats were carrying on like middle school bullies looking like complete idiots!!! This is why congress has a17% public approval rating
This girl that bullied me all throughout middle and high school just posted a long insta story about how kids shouldn’t bully...
*youtuber voice* these are fucking BULLIES. these are fucking HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES https://twitter.com/juykev/status/1286661329588166657
I wonder if the girl in high school that bullied me is still jealous of me to this day
All the girls that have ever bullied me in high school I name my cows after because we sell them off lol
Interesting that @carolineflack1 is being charged with assault !! She bullied girls at wayland high school years ago as my daughter found out !! True colours always come out !!
Lolololololol when a girl bullied you in high school now she asking you for advice....... I love to see it.
I wonder if all the girls I went to high school with who bullied me for being a feminist are still like that today...
Don't forget about Shin Megami Tensei If, AKA Why you shouldn't bully people at school.
Well it's probably mostly bts. I heard a girl in royal high say she always gets "bullied" for liking bts, and once in another server I said I didn't like bts or anything K-pop and got attacked
i prefer not to interact with high school fucking bullies
She looks like the girl who bullied everyone in high school then got knocked up by her high school sweetheart, who left her and now she had to move back to her hometown to live with her parents.
Elementary and Middle School PE what primarily led my hatred of team sports and any form of working out. Somehow I always ended up in a class with all the bullies.
Hell my mom went out to the school to let some kids know if they try to bully my brother she would whoop they ass good times
girls who bullied me in high school are conservatives now and im childhood
Goddess Jenni is that Goddess that bullied me in high school, and i adored her any way thinking that after high school I'll meet a nice girl. Well that's bul bullshit , i am crawling to @jenjenmariee1 to being bullied like the loser I am
Send school vouchers to parents for school choice.
SCHOOL FLUNKIE, PILL JUNKY BUT LOOK AT THE ACCOLADES THE SKILLS BRUNG ME FULL OF MYSELF, BUT STILL HUNGRY I BULLY MYSELF CUS I MAKE ME DO WHAT I PUT MY MIND TO AND IM A MILLION LEAGUES ABOVE YOU, ILL WHEN I SPEAK IN TONGUES BUT IT’S STILL TONGUE IN CHEEK, FUCK YOU
Fun fact: I got shit for ending most of my high school friendships bc they constantly bullied and harrassed the girl i was closest with. Y'all really had nothing better to do bc she was more talented than you huh
Unironically thinking of just going private, I'm sick of this man. I get it, it's just jokes, but I was bullied all throughout high school for liking fat girls, I hate myself for it, literally months and months of self hate for finding them hot and it was gone 1/2
god she looks like every single girl in high school who bullied me and then asked if they could cheat off my test
she went to school in a far away town so she had to live with a friend that eventually got so jealous of her that she started to bully her
the girls who bullied me in middle and high school peaked in high school &lt;3333333
honestly thank god I didn’t go to high school before 2012 I would ABSOLUTELY NOT have survived getting bullied by a girl in low cut jeans, a razr, and glitter lipgloss you know what I mean
Walahi, my parents never taught me but when I was 8th grade and throughout my high school my fellow classmates which were most girls bullied me and don’t like me because I was quite and respectful to others so they were jealous about me let’s teach our kids positivity
I started with some girls from high school who bullied me. Yes, I was bullied. I was definitely slut shamed. Yes, I’ve been in fights. Bev one daughter.
I posted this on my Instagram and immediately closed the app in case I get bullied by high school girls
Just found out the girl who cyber bullied me in jr high has a child WHO IS LAUGHING NOW ASSHOLE
@WE_R_MANY Dylan bullied a girl in high school until she committed suicide and laughed about it. He also takes schizophrenia meds and lives with her grandma with his kids w/ no job. And Buddah's a drug dealer who literally stabbed a guy in the back. And gets beat up by girls too
I read trump's nieces book I understand why Trump is the way he is. He was a DICKadefied bully when he was a boy he was sent off to school BECAUSE they couldn't. control him from his bullying ways.Trump is just like his father a cheat and liar AND no compassion and has to WIN
and make a video with screenshots exposing my BULLIES these are BULLIES these are HIGH SCHOOL FŪÇKÎÑG BÜŁŁÍĘŠ
Every time I see a high school girls basketball player I feel like I'm about to be bullied, despite being 23 years old and out of high school for 5 years
Dragapult, cause then I would be able to fly right out of school, and it would be great protection against bullies
@jpodhoretz there's a scene based on my Dad. The fight that goes on for 45 minutes and the guy is destroyed. My dad was the bully.
Bro I coach JV this past year at Skyline....Bro 90% of my team could only go one way. And I had to turn water into wine. We won games because we were super athletic and can bully teams. Lost to skilled teams who passed and took good shots. Middle school basketball is failing us
All the girls that bullied me in middle school and high school and spread rumors that I was lesbian, are now lesbian/bi. i love irony
depends on person who's getting it!! can't say for sure!! for eg. you know how school bullies get hyped for making the lonely kid cry. here, hyping the bully is giving him compliments.
For me it kinda is bullied, or false accusations. I was listening to the DDLC OST on youtube, and it had a picture of Natsuki, Yuri, Sayori, and Monika, and they screamed "He's watching little girls!" Like wtf get your facts straight. High school be like that lmao.
She’s always been a racist wanna be, and bullied girls pretty severely all throughout high school
When I was in high school this girl who I never spoke to/was older than me tweeted "Grammys are on.. Lyndsay Reyes is about to be so annoying." So unfollow me now if you don't like live tweeting during awards shows. I don't want to be cyber bullied again
i'm not gonna show you the facts and the evidence because i'm fj fUcking years old. and i'm not gonna sit down and make a video with screenshots exposing my BULLIES. these are BULLIES. these are high school fUcking BULLIES
> that’s why there’s the NTR when your school bully bangs your mom. What the fuck?! At this point I’m legit getting worried for these people, who hurt them
I am now one of those white girls I bullied in high school for being intolerably basic.
Of course that Helen Wood is one of them ex-school-bully-with-all-grey-home-decor types hahaha
Just spent the night with a very old friend reminiscing about high school and in conclusion I really need to get a personality beyond trying to fuck the girls who bullied me in high school
Good for you standing up to that miserable bully in such a professional manner. You do your school and community proud. That guy? What an embarrassment. Vote him out. Run against him yourself if you have to. Best of luck in your career, you’re off to a great start.
No you just bullied girls in high school for wearing braces, not wearing name brand clothes, or being overweight
she looks like my high school bully
it’s so funny when people get mad abt santana being a bully did u see who she went to school with ion even blame her
Guy bullies me through my school life I move a out the country Randomly texts me trying to illegally sell beer Dude if i wanted beer i wouldn't go to you, even if it was the last 0lace available
I watched my lil sister (from age 5 to probably she graduated high school) get bullied bc of her hair and her skin. She was fighting white and Spanish little girls AT THE AGE OF 6. SIX.
Oh- Did you know schools in China are cruel? Everybody there wants you to fit in and if you are oversize the students AND teachers bully you, and the punishments there are really bad.
girls who bullied me in high school are lactoses now and im toad
every single day of high school a girl bullied me for being “trailer trash” and now she’s building a tiny home.
I’m from the town she is. There’s lots of biracial couples and kids,i also attended the same high school she did about 4 years sooner and I find it hard to believe she was bullied at all much less because of her race. She’s a beautiful girl,I just don’t believe anything she says.
Yeah back at middle school to junior high, i was bullied and considered a weirdo for drawing sonic :') I was nicknamed as 'sonic girl' and had no friends for like most of the years I spent at that awful school.
Back in high school I didn't have the best experience. I was bullied and picked on, wasn't popular with girls and dealing with mental illness wasn't easy. I found comfort getting lost and found listening to H.I.M… https://www.instagram.com/p/CBa-1CHDp9M/?igshid=1lojy6pb0pzjv
there’s a cute boy on tinder & i used to have a crush on him years ago but when he was in my school he &amp; his friends used to bully me... i hate it
I Agree (my Mom does). Mom remembers being a kid. She didn’t like “sharing” at school. Talking about feelings among a whole group of new [sometimes mean] kids was never an exciting idea. Do your jobs teachers. Teach. Also, Mom thinks today’s anti-bullies are often bullies.
it. MFW half the girls who bullied me for having ‘big’ boobs in middle school ended up having way bigger boobs than me in high school LMAO
no one: the girl who bullied and obsessed over me in high school and used this name as a disguise to talk shit about me on her finsta:
ya i should’ve mentioned that!! true I’m gonna call my school and bully them into being my financial advisors
How remember timothy goes to school because I watching it Doris is a little bish added she is just disgusting And Clard is just a big bully And Timothy is the cuties boss And Yoco is my now my best friend And Frank and Frank my twin big bro Deluxe ssushi everyone hates uer
my high school years were so strange, i spent it either getting bullied or making out with girls in the bathroom
Bully culture. I get uncomfortable every day on Twitter/TikTok/Instagram because the culture is run by girls/women who would have tripped me on the bus if I went to school with them. I always wonder how many shitty people become "self-love" gurus scot-free.
I hate it when the school bully ruins my magical adventures too :) Sounds super fun.
Let's all start a campaign to bully convicted school shooters. Send letters calling them names and such. Get the kids involved so they have a healthy outlet for their uncontrollable aggression. Hang posters in schools that say "why bully a friend when you can punish a bitch?"
The irony is they are going to get pregnant or been pregnant by the seed of a MAN.
Abandoned any plan for a coherent testing strategy. Literally bullied states into reopening too early. Wasted months and months sending the wrong message about masks. Continues to bully schools into reopening early. Hail to the chief? How about Trumpsters just #BailOnTheChief
Back in Jr High all because I was getting everyone to sign my backpack but I didn't want this one girl to sign because she constantly bullied my other friend. When she asked for to sign my backpack, I told her no. After that she became my bully and left my friend alone.
Unskilled talentless school bullies are attracted to it sadly
Whenever we watch American high school movies where the cute simple girl is bullied by the fashionistas and feel bad for her, we should think of these talented outsiders who face and suffer similar bullying from these zero talent “insiders”.
I bullied so many girls back middle school and high school as soon as I became a mom I reached out to most of them to apologize for the immature and stupid things I did, most of them forgave me. I’m glad I’ve grown from who I used to be!
Same girls that bullied me in high school are sharing 1Ds 10 year post
Can’t wait for the girls who bullied me in high school get into my inbox asking if I have a minute to discuss a really great money-making opportunity
@Askey9 Just bullying you on twitter then you know how those kids felt!! :)
Man I still think ab that video where that girl was like "My whole high school bullied me for being homophobic" and like. Where is that school. I wanna go to that school.
That’s the rating system they use. I don’t think they can use “F*ing lier” as a system, and yes our currently political system is grade school complete with bullies and name calling. This is absolutely on both sides of the isle.
Rebecca Black has been pulled from school & is now being homeschooled, due to relentless #bullying. #homeschooling http://fb.me/StduPBeE
Girls like this definitely bullied me in high school. Fuck you Brooke
I hope Ben Shapiro’s high school bullies are having a wonderful day today
My high school experience was less than ideal. I was in an abusive relationship, had a girl who tried to kill me, and then was bullied for being a “slut” simply because I embraced my sexuality at a young age. Thanks for the few people who made me feel normal.
The Governor, The CJ, and the Herald-Leader appears to be the only entities in KY that want the schools to close. These bully pulpits are not good for the mental health of Kentucky families.
The girls that bullied me in high school are all girl moms now and that is terrifying to think about
Honestly I am dying at all these white TMLA girls suddenly speaking up and being congratulated because when I was in high school and called out their little asshole Regis friends on Fabecook I was bullied for stirring the pot
Nick Sandman of Covington catholic is a believer of bully for money. Typical boy school Neo nazi behavior. I pray everyday for an end to Vatican Holy See catholic government pope rule. It is not holy. It is cruel to the souls they infest. It has to stop lest be loose civility
i was bullied for being underdeveloped physically and because my group of friends was super queer (this was jr high) and i liked girls so i used to get changed in the open stall in the locker room while my best friend kept guard so the straight girls wouldn't think i was a creep
The same people who are applauding the Gun girl getting bullied are the same people who say high school bullies are horrible. Bunch of hypocrites.
Timothee Chalamet stans are the type of girls that would have bullied him in high school.
Lmao RT I did not forget about u mean ass girls who bullied me in middle and high school. I’m just nice af and put that shit behind me
Frankie and Peaches help Ruby, the new girl at school, find the courage to be herself and stand up to bullies. The Pancake Girl is an inspirational story that shows how a small act of kindness can make a big difference in someone's life. #KidLit https://amzn.to/2YvUF7d .
this bitch really said to me dont you just love hugging football players at tbe end of tbe games girl our high school experience is very diffrent they all bullied me in middle school
if you’re dating someone who glowed up before high school started you’re single to me. what’s anna going to do? be friends with the girls who bullied you into having body dysmorphia and not have self deprecating humor as a defense mechanism?
You Sound Dumb Since When Was It Ok To Post You Beating Your Kids Half Naked. The Fact That She Even Put It On Social Media Is Weird Af. That Little Girl Probably Still In High School In This Day &amp; Age Kids Are Getting Bullied &amp; Killing Theirselves For Stuff Like This.
Imagine you’re in high school and you see that one douchey prick, screaming he is innocent when he was caught cheating on his SAT’s, saying he legitimately landed the prettiest girl in school while looking like a moldy orange, and still bullied other kids. #BeBest #ImpeachTrump
Creating a poll asking people to vote on who is the meanest, rudest etc is full on mean girl high school bully behaviour, grow the fuck up
Omg. My as a kid. I was bully by the to hole school for being ugly. I would 8 or 9 year old in this picture Now I'm 26.
@LoriLightfoot Well done! The way you stood up to these bullies was magnificent. Please let me know how I can help.
When the girls who bullied you in high school have aged really bad and you’re still looking 25 woot woot.
No one said there is anything wrong with people being who they want to be. The point is that the punk/grunge girls during high school were bullied, humiliated and taunted daily. You can see it depicted in this video ( which is super cute yet very accurate)
My high-school best friend was super close with the girl who constantly bullied me and made my life a living hell literally one of the reasons why I quit school. -.
This girl I went to high school who slut shamed me often and told me I was just a dumb pretty girl just slid in my dms about the blog I wrote for my job to tell me that I’m so smart and she’s proud she was my friend please bitch no we weren’t friends you bullied me lowkey
My first time experiencing racism was in the 4th grade. And i never told anyone about it. Those girls bullied me 4th-6th grade because i was black and i wasn’t like them. I got to high school &amp; they all wanted to be my friend and apologize. FOH.
LOL @THE GIRL WHO BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL TRYING TO SLIDE INTO MY DMS THE WAY THE TURNS HAVE TABLED BITCH
Nothing is funnier to me rn then finding out the girl who bullied my in high-school fell into the RN cliche
It’s crazy i was dating some pretty beautiful girls in high school and niggas bullied me out the relationship just so they can hop on it
my trauma about not being able to make new friends because in primary school every one ended up being a very loud bully (note to self: save this topic for therapy)
@TedYoho #tedyoho #Florida #republican it takes a #smallman to pick on women and then deny &amp; refuse to apologize. You must have had #mother issues or never were popular in school a typical #bully and #weak man. You’re not a leader you’re #afraid of girls
That's schools for you, the victim always gets in trouble and the Bully gets away.
Tzuyu looked like a genius high school girl from a kdrama who's always bullied but always saved by two handsome campus crushes
There is a name for the kind of relationship Johnson has with Cummings, it’s called grooming, the school bully gets the weakest to do his bidding, giving little in return and leaving their victims as sitting ducks when trouble knocks ... I wonder why he doesn’t see it by now?
the memories on Facebook hurts bc I see things on there from the worst time in my life from when I was getting bullied to the point I missed almost an entire school year, self harmed, tried to OD etc, seeing the comments from the bullies still hurts 8 years later
today I got straight up bullied by fellow university students! like, classic high school cliché mean girl bullying! WE ARE ADULTS MA’AMS
I was bullied relentlessly in junior high because I was a tomboy, by both boys and girls. I survived by cultivating strong friendships with a kind and loyal people who gave me a place to belong. Also played D&amp;D, which is a really great tool for kids to learn confidence.
My Little Brother DESTROYS Summer School Bully In Fortnite 1v1 https://youtu.be/5yHEaue7_9s via @YouTube
She just shaded all the girls who bullied me in high school
Girl from high school with the “all lives matter” saying her kids will get bullied too just like black kid, I’m like???? Are they gonna get murdered for it??? Do you not understand what’s going on in the world?? How can people be so....ignorant?
Still using high school bully ad hominem attacks. You are so cute.
i’m sorry you go to school with bullies wtf :( if its the pet names then i can make one customized for you that’s more discreet if u want :( that sucks
anyways go and follow this tiktok account coz i’m more myself on this one coz no one from school can bully me coz of how i look coz they don’t know the account exists :)
Mocked me about being short and wearing thick glasses. I felt as though I was back in high school being bullied by the mean girls. :( And this was from a woman who was at least 20 years older than I was at the time.
I hit a nail-ladden wood into the head of a dude who was obviously our class bully, puncturing his head then took to my heels. My mum being a school staff saved me. Up until this day, I can't explain that dastard act.
a lot of the girls i’m friends with glowed up to look like the type of girls that would have bullied me/ beat the shit outta me in high school
I haven't watched @GabbieHanna since the inception of Vine but she seems like the kind of bitch that bullied girls and spread mean rumors in high school to ruin peoples lives then lies about being bullied later for sympathy.
S/O to all the girls that bullied me in high school &amp; made me feel like I was less of a person for no reason. You “mean girls” made me into the successful woman I am today.
That is because their actual political ideology is...they like to see other people hurt, it makes them feel better about their pathetic, sad lives. One wing if our political discourse is essentially just the school yard bully.
True fact. When, not if. As the fictional but still great William Adama once said, If you keep running from the school yard bully, he keeps on chasing you but the moment you turn around and stop you punch him really hard in a sensitive spot, he’ll think twice about coming back.
HIGH SCHOOL. FUCKING. BULLIES!!
i had a dream about getting bullied by high school freshman girls. in conclusion, they’re very scary.
he’s 6’7 and 300 pounds IN HIGH SCHOOL.. there aren’t many of those. i would hope he is able to bully kids 100 pounds less than him.. none of those kids in the video look even half his size
When my daughter was in 8th grade she was bullied by a high school girl on the bus. The high school girl told her next year will be even worse when I have you all day. I took my daughter to self-defense classes over the summer. Sure enough bully gets ahold of her in the
“can you guys believe I was bullied in high school by a crazy sad girl? Her motive : I stopped being friends with her. ”. that’s the tweet.
some of y’all must’ve been bullies in high school dkslsksm i can see it
A lot of girls who bullied the shit out of me in high school are now teachers and that scares me How can y’all be nice to kids if you couldn’t even be a decent human to your peers?
I'm fb friends with a girl from high school who was bullied - her life is amazing &amp; it's the best revenge. Mostly I was on the receiving end &amp; it was baffling. Watched my bright, funny, nice looking kid go thru hell. No easy answers but there was way too little support for him.
HIGH SCHOOL F U C K I N G BULLIES
Jazzruma must talk, Ella Sha made the biggest mistake,girl with such great talent, Thank God Tacha refused to be bullied or taken for granted, Ella you need to change ur game and Change that 2k shoe to $10m shoe and aim your head up high and see God working #AlphaTacha
Jade is one that sticks out to me A LOT. I had this girl in high school who bullied me relentlessly every single day for 5 years .. swear down, no joke. I have never met a redeemable “jade” yet, every one I’ve met has been a bit of a b*tch so I think it just comes with the name
posted on facebook at midnight by the girl who bullied u in high school followed by a bunch of sad "going 2 bed now...................." posts
To have led the body that does not possess any real power but that can use the bully pulpit to influence change and to have done little to nothing for the integration you claim is so important to you is disqualifying 4/4
Fuck me, what an ass, that's secondary school bully talk, grow up it 2020 no need to use discriminatory and homophobic language to belittle someone.
this looks like a girl that bullied me in high school
Twitter less friend: wouldn't it be funny if the girl that bullied you in middle school and high school for liking Star Wars is in the same theater as you tonight Me:
My favourite episode is "The Zeppo" .... Xander feels neglected by the scooby-gang....He ends up getting a date with an attractive girl, gets kidnapped by a gang of zombies, becomes an accessory to arson/looting, has sex with Faith, confronts his bully and stops a school bombing
girls who bullied me in high school b like “you’re only as pretty as you treat people ”
Win for equality! I’m happy to let everyone know that at least half of my middle school bullies were girls :)
It’s hard to see people who bullied you being seen by a different light by others. It’s triggering actually because what that girl tried to do to me in 2005 set in motion a whole lot of other shit I had to deal with for the rest of high school.
Internet hitmaker Rebecca Black is now being home schooled because of the bullying she was receiving at school.... http://fb.me/HvYmEzyr
You didn't explain a damn thing. You just gave your opinion. Opinions aren't facts. The only thing you have is name calling, just like a school yard bully. Step off...you have zero foundation to stand on because you know and understand nothing.
god and esp ones that are p attractive. ofc there are outliers but there are so many diff ways to write a high school rom com but this is just overdone. replace any hs rom com where the girl gets bullied for x reason with tall and you’ll get the same thing
When the school bullies create their own free speech hate club, but no one wants to join so they sit at an empty lunch table on the fringe of the cafeteria yelling “Lots of room over here!”
Bill Barr Was a Sick and Sadistic Kid Who Was A Fascist "High School Tormentor" and Bully, Classmate Recalls to BuzzFlash - Big Surprise!
Trump is like that text you get from your high school bully explaining how awful their four years were. Honey no one feels bad you had a tough time. When you belittle human beings and make fun of those who cannot stand up for themselves no one feels sorry for you.
Lmao how did the dude who would bully me on the bus in middle school find my instagram
no one rly the ppl that used to bully me in school for years followed me n i couldnt block bc i worked w them but now !!! i dont gotta see them !!!
fighting with white boys that go to my school online is scary cause them and all their friends are gonna bully me when we go back bskxjsox
This song sounds like my high school bully (but it's great)
Minimum wage needs to be $25.00 per hour! if we can pay cops $200,000 a year who have high school bully educations, we damn sure can pay workers $25 minimum. I bet the crime rates drop to nonexistent levels too!
My dude got the equivalent of a middle school bully and is like, "OH MY GOD THEY'RE SO VIOLENT PLEASE HELP ME. TEACHER, TEACHERRRRR!"
Was not a bully (got bullied) but I definitely did my student teaching with some girls who I could just tell were mean girls in high school :(
I feel the same way as these white girls when they change the name of my high school "Hitler academy" to "racist are bad academy". I too got bullied for wearing a shirt with an awful racist person (who would Lynch me on sight if he could see how black I am) in a prideful manner.
yep!! since we were children all the way up to high school. i remember the day after trump won, a girl refused to stand for the pledge and a teacher got pissed and sent her to the office. LIKE YALL GET SO HEATED OVER THE PLEDGDE BUT WHEN A KID GETS BULLIED YOU DO NOTHING LMAO
Fuck. That’s a good point. But also, ladies, while you’re at it. Make my dick 9 inches. I need to get back at my middle school bully......
A young man named Kenichi is tired of being bullied, so when he gets into high school he decides to take self defense classes. He gets mugged and protected by a girl and she offers him his dojo and his life is flipped upside down for better and for worse
some of u bitches that love to preach about mental health awareness are the same ones who bullied less popular girls in high school but y’all aren’t ready for that conversation
I am glad it’s not in the GOP Senate school yard where the bullies hang out in the gym
It’s like the school bully taking a kid’s lunch money every day, then seeing that the principal is watching gives his victim a cookie.
I was bullied from 4th grade until I graduated high school and I was a queer girl in a violently homophobic place on top of it. When you graduate, bullying changes drastically, but cultural oppression sticks around. No one’s suggesting cis white dudes have it easy.
girls who bullied me in high school are milks now and im imagination
Saw a girl who bullied me hard in high school the other day, she wouldn’t even make eye contact with me. Like id be scared to look to, I might’ve been afraid to stand up for myself then but not today satan
Trump is like that big bully in school that throws himself a Birthday party But no kid shows up. #looser
Just thought about the girl who decided to tell my bf’s bff that she was talking to at the time that I stole my scholarship from her and bullied her in high school about it.
Why would you share someone’s DM? Why not do an interview and see what he has to say? You are just wanting him to be bullied and attacked! Are you a journalist or a high school teenage girl?
Part of me wishes I hadn't suffered internalized homophobia in middle/high school. I broke up with a girl I loved because I feared being found out and bullied in high school. I miss her sometimes.. I really hope she's doing great....
One last one, girls that bullied me for being a lesbian in high school but now kiss/make out with their female friends bc it’s ‘fun’ or for male attention
Mai bhi topper tha but I used to talk with everyone in my school, yes bullies bhi the but I was the most popular student in my school and the most fav student of teachers also
If you ever want an instant dopamine hit, go to the drug store to buy ice cream and realize you can’t afford ice cream then open your phone and see the girl who bullied you in high school in paparazzi photos partying with the Hadid sisters
girls who bullied me in high school are alfredos now and im film major
To everyone who has bullied ya girl in high school. Thank you.
Oh yeah I couldn’t say I liked it when I was in high school or I’d get bullied. I wasn’t a full fan girl for them until I went to college
I couldn’t agree more. I graduated high school a year early due to #bullying. I took my entire OAC year (Gr 13)and did it in night school in Grade 12. I graduated with scholarships and left the bullies behind. #StarfishClub
willing to forgive all the girls that bullied me in high school who are now nurses. that’s how serious i am
green hair jessica sounds like someone i would bully in high school
Barstool fans prolly went up to bullies in high school and just begged them to give them swirlies
I taught anti-bullying units to my 7th graders for the 1st two weeks of school each fall. Victims became “analyzers” of the bullies who decided to just shut up or be outed as the abused, neglected, or prejudiced persons that they were. Mary Trump’s book could help heal victims.
i'm actually struggling to rationalize to myself why taylor swift fans are like this. they're the nurses of the music community - the high school bullies who cannot handle a modicum of criticism themselves
We called them "those French bullies" in school.
It’s a great feeling when the girl who bullied you in high school gets fat lololol
anna has been reciting the “wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school” tiktok continuously for the last 24 hrs,, one like &amp; i fist fight her
There’s a DECA competition at my school today and all the girls here for it like they would have bullied me in high school
The girl everyone bullied in high school got corona
Yea but when did Royale high have anything to do with that? Doesn’t mean royale high is... oh! Now the most hurtful and terrible game because you saw a girl getting bullied. Literally the girl can leave the server, and also it can be a role play. Next time, keep it to yourself :/
My sister found out hubby and I arent going to her wedding; weve always had a strained relationship, and shes STILL friends with my school bullies and expects me to sit and drink and be merry with them. Need to channel my inner Ardyn + use that sibling hatred to stay strong!
It’s good to know I’m back in elementary school. Andy sees an out of control bar in Lexington &amp; rather than punishing them, he gives everyone detention.
Why is everyone so pissed about the tall girl getting bullied movie on Netflix? It’s a story. Kids get made fun of. For everything. Not every story about high school has so touch on deep seeded systemic issues. It’s not a missed opportunity it’s a teen movie.
Using your own experience to described the Swedish school system is remarkably ignorant. I suspect you either received spec ed or were a poor academically performing bully who grew up to earn a minimum wage job you hate.
And these are my loser friends… Watch this short film THE DEVIL'S HARMONY. Dir. @dholmeswilliams A bullied teenage girl leads an a cappella club on a trail of destruction against her high school enemies Then #SupportIndieFilm over at @ShortoftheWeek https://www.shortoftheweek.com/2020/04/08/the-devils-harmony/
I'd love to know what she was like in that private girl's high school she went to, I bet she was either a bullier or she was the one who was bullied.
McKinney is biologically a girl, but is transgender. He told counselors that he was bullied at Douglas County High School and that students didn’t use proper pronouns for him at STEM school.
im sitting outside with luna, and i swear on my life three girls walked past and i heard one say "she looks like a lesbian." i am suddenly 17 and being bullied in high school again.
Like we've all established I'm petty so I'm OK w saying this: I have more IG followers than a girl who mercilessly bullied me in high school and it tastes like vindication
High School students aren’t kids. The mom and girl were going to the principle to talk about the situation but then they were attacked. Matter of fact NO parent should have to go speak to someone at school about their son/ daughter being bullied.
Annual reunion of elementary school bullies.
When.....the boy from middle school who used to bully constantly liking your instagram post
Bully https://www.twitch.tv/jeffgamer55ryer @TwitchHost @YT_TwitchGrowth @TwitchSupport @RockstarGames Old School
I dated a girl who bullied me in high school many years later. We met at a mall or all places. She apologized,Turns out she just liked me and had zero social skills or experience talking with guys. Too bad she was an alkie and drug addict.
I am now a high schooler who has learned the error of their ways and this is the 2 he movie of me trying to make friends with the girl I bullied in 5th grade
You intimidate and bully female MLA’s, you laugh at keeping kids safe in school and waste time during a pandemic with childish ploys and refuse to listen to anybody.
Gotta say, despite some of its age, I'm liking Bully already. It's VERY reminiscent of my high school days where teachers ignored you and just expected nothing but perfection and kids hated you just because.
Trump is a bully and a coward. It reminds me of some jr. high girls who bullied me. They’d say stuff loud enough for me to hear, but never to my face.
I reported that Qassam. What a loser type, this Qassam fella. No shame at all! "Tra-la-la! A girl is here to attack me!" Sheesh! @RaheemKassam hey, do your War Room, don't try to act like a high school bully, you boomer. Lol.
In my sophomore year of high school a girl also named lilly bullied me because I also had died hair and happened to wear lipstick the same day she did
I learned all the dances from High School Musical and got bullied for it cause I would practice them at PE with 2 girl friends
I got 4 mains, so I will reply 4 times: Martha 19 Board games Drawing Chronomancy (Time magic) Her coat of arms (her school required she design one) Bullies She'd survey her immediate are and figure out how to keep herself alive Yes.
I don’t get how primary and secondary schools don’t become covid hot spots. Kids don’t take things seriously, and one crappy kid in a classroom could literally spit on 4 fellow students they dislike in a minute. I was constantly dealing with gross stuff bullies would do to me.
“To every girl who bullied me in high school, congrats on your ugly baby” lmao
got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents I was getting bullied &amp; we moved
all our school is gonna send an email saying that we shouldnt bully kids and that we are history. babyyyy we know we're history. i wanna be in the books luv xx
some girl on tiktok is pressed because dove bullied her in 4th grade for liking high school musical
This homie really talks like I did In middle school about bullies. Growwwwww upppppp keep making music, you’re not good at COD
I’m just going to take an educated guess and say you were bullied in high school. No one this obsessed with being protrayed as the “bitchy mean girl” has ever had a good HS experience
bro what if we just changed the whole social dynamic @school through twitter? like bully the popular racist kids the new popular kids are the once actively speaking up abt social injustices?? oh and we start believing survivors more thanks
a girl who used to bully me in high school made a status about getting bullied in school on fb and i want to scream
I can't get on board with not being mean about these guys. They all look like clones of my bullies from school. I'd place money on them actually having bullied someone before.
Their actions remind me of bullies in secondary school. where you have to act a certain way, follow the leaders every directive or find yourself ostracised. people are different and its okay. let us save the consequences of action to people who truly deserve and hurt others
Because, well, he is actually pretty stupid. Low intelligence, like the bully at school that takes your lunch money and fries ants with a magnifying glass. Terrifying to have an individual like this running our country!
Tw// suicide One supervisor in my old high school was such a bully! She bullied one girl so bad that the girl slit her writs at school and almost died! Thankfully she was okay but the police did investigate unfortunately nothing happened to the supervisor and she's still a bully
I think we all remember the exact moment we were called homophobic slurs. I also remember that same bully coming out in high school. And I remember it was easier for her because she was popular.
Both. My school let bullies run rampant, but if you look at the replies you’ll see it’s widespread across boys and girls school, in a variety of countries. No class allows bullies to act out violence towards their targets like PE does.
"Look. I'm not like the other girls. I'm into real anime, not just the popular stuff like BNHA and FMA." "But did you get bullied in high school for writing m/m fanfiction?"
It’s crazy to think that one of the girls who lowkey bullied me in high school, also didn’t wash her hands after using the bathroom
No. These would be my bullies at high school.
bully gang of the school “you can’t sit with us” vibes
Privileged) but never have I ever seen school students bully other students for not having bare minimum or any socials (I wasn't on any social media platforms till 11th grade when I brought a phone for my self that too my biological father broke and I don't have a personal number
kidding...i dont bully i just pretend i dont see the kpop stans in my school
twitter group chats are where grown adults get to bully people like theyre at a middle school lunch table
My school bullies don't even remember bullying me
christian girls posting “be kind” on their stories are the ones who bullied me in high school
i hate ppl from high school y’all used to bully me and now that i’m ~hot~ it’s “omg i love your makeup where did you get your rings do you wanna go out sometime?????” FUCK OFF
its good for school besides the bullies
hey to that girl that bullies me at school and thinks your so much better than me and tries to steel all my friends and only needs me as a "friend" at your lowest times jus wanna say F you, you fake ass hoe enjoy your life. xoxo
The only acceptable time to promote St. Ives Apricot Scrub is when the girl who bullied you in high school asks for your skincare routine.
I like bullies, you know I am one! -@realDonaldTrump (I was kick out of his school because of bad behavior and Dad's only option was to send me to military school)
Shout out to that girl in high school who bullied me for drawing myself “too pretty” cause I’m ugly and shouldn’t do that. And now I get very anxious when I draw myself semi attractive cause I worry I’ll annoy people or disappoint them by how I actually look.
everybody at my high school was cyber bullied on this app i kid you not. the week where everybody discovered it turned the entire school into that scene from mean girls where the burn book was released. a mess. A HOT MESS.
the only good thing to come out of going back to school is talking to my brother ab the annoying people, example: band kids, popular kids, bullies, and hannah
So today in my teen leadership class, this girl started crying cuz she's getting bullied. She almost took her life. Words hurt #stopbullying
Instead of just reading, writing and arithmetic. Plus, I will beat the shit out of any child who bullies my child, AND their parents. Be banned from the school. The fuckery only kicks up further in middle school. Best to avoid it.
I thought about it, and I was bullied from elementary school all the way to high school. I also went to many different schools growing up. I'm glad I didn't do it. Otherwise I would never have had my 3 girls who I would do anything for.
THIS is why I can’t make friends at college. EVERY girl in my nursing program is a bitch who bullied kids in high school, while I’m the bitch who got bullied. so I’m a loser who no one wants to be friends with
I know a girl who bullied me in high school supposedly went to college there but idk. Could be a conspiracy theory akin to Mattress Firm
I know, people have been dunking on this movie all week as if every tall girl I knew from high school didn't get bullied for being too tall or growing too tall too early. Middle and high school was vicious to tall girls
GIGGLES maybe they'll make a song about how we're high school bullies
I was bullied because I was the quiet, smart kid. One girl threw a smoke bomb at me, (it missed) another threatened to beat me up for no reason. Another guy stole my work in class to copy it. Oh and this was all in my last year of high school. -1/2
First thing to teach your children before they have friends is to not bully other children. This should be the requirement for parents to register their kids to elementary school @Nadiem_Makarim please listen
STAN Twitter is like high school there’s a cliques &amp; mean girls and bullies meanwhile I’m just here trying to support Justin why is everything about who gets the most followers I’m so sick of being dragged/ told I’m worthless bc I’m a small account it should just be about Justin
ironic that a girl who bullied me in high school has “its nice to be nice” in her insta bio..... girl how would u know , ur not nice at all......
Lana Del Rey really went from trailer park beauty queen, to marry your dad, to the girl who bullied you in high school that married a cop and messages you about her MLM scheme.
See the difference?? This girl wasn’t a threat to anyone. But the ones who now sport the badge because they got bullied in high school, want to feel like the big tough guy and assert their “dominance.” It’s fucking pathetic.
It’s crazy how the people who either bullied me or told me I was going to hell for being gay in high school are all now either pregnant, binge drinkers, abusive, party girls, on drugs, or also gay. Lol I’m just chillin
anthony went to my elementary/middle school, i remember him being such a nasty bully/creep and never felt good about him. once he graduated and was in highschool he always came back to visit his old MIDDLE SCHOOL. none of this is surprising TA: SA - - - - - - - - - - - -
Word to all of this. I was relentlessly mocked and verbally bullied in high school for 5 years and I still have self esteem and confidence issues today because of it, in my early 30's. The culprits? Majority of them were other girls.
the one girl in ur high school friend group that always passive-aggressively bullied u is now dating some dude who sells weed to high school kids and her twitter is filled with nothing but automatic daily horoscope updates
''Good for nothing bum'' - School Prefect from Bully
I got bullied at high school, it got so bad I had to be home educated. High school was the worst experience of my life! Your not the only one girl
HAHAHAHAA JUST FOUND A GIRL WHO BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEING BI AND NOW SHES A FUCKING LESBIAN AHAHAHAHAHAH WHAT THE FUCK
I need a royal high gamepass or ill be bullied by th girls with parasol and i need arsenal vip cuz i barely get money ok ty bai
why they look like high school bullies for a second-
And yet schools and businesses are still open. You were doing so well Mike and you let the bully trump take over. So disappointing
ARU SHAH X WING & CLAW Max was hoping to finish middle school with straight As and no detentions until he found himself with teleportation powers being blackmailed by a bully. Now he’s hoping not to become viral on YouTube hunted by the government. #OWN #SFFPit #MG #CF #LGBTQ+
I love that Hannah Ann is crying about being bullied when you know she definitely bullied at least five girls in high school. #TheBachelor
tw // bullying what worst can happend today I said ? my bully from elementary school followed me on instagram, fck those bad memories suddenly coming back to my mind :((
I do deep LinkedIn dives on the girls who bullied me in middle school and high school to affirm that they are indeed still problematic and mediocre at best
Me challenging the school bully after watching baki
Dollars over lives, this has been what you have been all about all your life, con man absolute con man... Do you really think people schools and people will be taken in by your constant bully tactics?
The girl that bullied me in middle school told me I was dumb for always smiling/ laughing... But her bf cheated on her all throughout high school and she was miserable so there's that.
you’re telling me that snape bullied neville so much that he was neville’s biggest fear and im still supposed to think snape is a hero just cause he was obsessed with a girl who rejected him in high school?!
If there is a stage in my life na ayoko na maulit, it's my high school life. I was short and I had a very bad fashion sense. I was also bullied by the alphas from the lower sections- but the girls from my class stood up for me. They defended me from bullies.
That’s like the school yard bully crying because he doesn’t know why he doesn’t have any friends.
Yes!!! I've never been naturally gifted in sports so I loathed the competitive nature of it all. Coupled with the fact that most of the gym teachers I had were obviously bullies in high school and I would have rather been anywhere else at the time. But I genuinely enjoy the gym!
it's always the girls who were the meanest in high school becoming nurses and that's terrifying to me tbh like I don't want the bitch who bullied me for 4 years taking care of sick and injured people
You give off popular girl who bullied the nerd in high school because you thought it made you look cool vibes
now you cant bully me for awhile (+ atb for school! &lt;3)
cant stop thinking about the wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school tiktok
This guy in the doctors lobby just proclaimed that he enjoys hurting people's feelings online. This person has to be in their mid 40s. He was probably a bully in high school and now he can't hurt people IRL so he gets his thrills online.
The type of girls I would get bullied by in high school
For all the girls who bullied me abt my greasy hair in high school why didn’t y’all tell my cuban ass to go buy some dry shampoo ??¿
Niggas bully y’all into renting whips n shit like this high school
One of the popular girls from high school who bullied me is now my co-worker. Meeting her again, 7 years on, I realised I didn't hate her during high school because she was beautiful and horrible to me. I hated her because she was beautiful and horrible and that made me horny.
Like middle school girls who got together hatched a plan to harass and bully a girl they don’t like with a catchphrase
totally get this actually very good for me to read another side of it I am terrified for next year my baby starts as boy at high school I worry they will be picked on bullied I did screw up &amp; try change her mind taking them clothes shopping knowing she’d go 4 girls clothing
In high school, I had to take an elective, but I transferred to school late and the only one open was automotive. I was bullied for being the only girl, even though it wasn’t my choice to be there
Tell me how I'm wrong. Doesn't this seem like the grade school bullies had it right. They picked on boys who weren't masculine enough and called them girls. Bill Nye is saying yea that's true. Effeminate men are still men. So degrading.
Danielle, you remind me of a Christian teaching I once heard. Birds flock together...Eagles sore alone. We are seeing this more today! Those who have to flock together, afraid to stand up for what is right, for fear of being bullied. You are the Eagle! Sore high baby girl!
not my elementary school bullies commenting under my pictures calling me cute after years of calling me ugly
I knew I was terrible person when I found out the girl that bullied me in high school got shot on the foot for talking crap and I laughed hysterically.
Cass has Big Girl Who Was Good At Netball And Passive Aggressively Bullied You In High School Energy #BachelorInParadiseAU
Elizabeth Dudley-Jones, instructed to act for Cheshire Constabulary, is involved in a high profile inquest of a Cheshire school girl who killed herself, after being bullied.
i told my friend im goin to his Birthday on saturday but Now i Regret it. i Think hes gonna invite the girl that Bullied me in high school there. Who i also had a crush on bc she used to sit in my lap and tell me she loved me. it was Complicated between us
i always feel like it’s an exaggeration when people say kids will find literally any reason to bully you but then i remember the time in middle school when i got made fun of for saying i enjoy plain white rice with a little bit of cilantro
girls who bullied me in high school are colleges now and im crying
Not high school as I'm in the uk, but hes a builder, he aspired to be a footballer and that didn't work out. And the girl that bullied me is a nurse I believe.
watching middle school bullies indulge in collecting crystals is funny to me
But jokes aside mfana, this shit makes my blood boil! I can’t stand bullies. I can’t! NGIYABAZONDA! I was bullied badly in high-school, but when I see it happening to a girl who isn’t even aggressive enough to TRY &amp; defend herself, I literally want to jump into the screen &amp; fight
can you believe the girl that bullied abt my looks n sexuality in high school IS NOW GAY ??? MAKE IT MAKE SENSE
Few years back i got a front row seat to karma playing out the biggest bully in school lost her kids it was in the paper theg were up for adoption... I actually felt bad for her...
tagged by older friend I bully 5 facts about me 1. I liked a grade school friend so much I started to write my 2's and y's like her. still do 2. I had a pet tarantula when I was bapey 3. hips are my fav body part 4. my first drawing was about a spider 5. legal luke is my #1 waifu
also found out the girl who bullied me in middle school/early high school wants to be a cop so i have another reason to hate her
I used to wear high top supremes to school grades 8-10 Got bullied into dressing like a “normal girl” I forgot i wasn’t normal
it’s been a long day for Bible verse in the bio, bullied kids in high school girls huh
.@Ashton5SOS i've been thinking a little while early morning, and i can see my school bullies will be taken care of. yours too. we just got to be well-intentioned and be good :) &lt;3
You never went to school too ? Because the bullies are often people of color and victims are white, no ?
No he’s not better, he was MnK and hit high diamond, got bullied offline by me n PurpleAlien with the way he looks Aka a girl, he came back on controller and struggles to hit p1, so who’s awful now. Dickhead. Get out my feed you mug
I hate communal changing rooms for this reason, they don't work for anyone. I hated the communal girls' changing room in high school (also, it was a prime spot to be bullied by other girls if you weren't thin or properly developed yet - I know I was. Imagine having to change..
so winona ryder went to my high school &amp; apparently there’s a girl at my school who has been bragging about the fact that her mom bullied winona...
a girl who bullied me in high school just replied to my story with a what that mean doe
girl who bullied me in high school just admitted to hating dogs so yeah.... i rest my case
I really can’t believe there were/are people adamant that Khune is being bullied and people were not being genuine in their outrage about a man in his 30’s dating a high school girl. I’ve seen it all.
remember when girl in high school bullied me for posting selfies on a Thursday....
Who is the problem? Kids or their parents. Who made the kids. Teachers or parents?Cnn isN all these schools. We want to take back control of America. Take control back of our kids. Give parents back their rights. Kids are the bullies today. Promoted by teachers. Don’t be scared
omg a school au where they bully me
He said he didnt care. But, am I crazy to suspect Bill Barr, one of four bully brothers who actively tortured their schoolmates, whose school principal father not only hired Epstein but also authored a novel about raping 15-yo space slaves.....I mean, who is this guy?
It’s like how the girls who bullied me in high school are now counselors.
anyone making a joke abt any actor: their fans: lmao someone makes a joke abt ex oomf: her obsessed fans: how dare you make a joke this is disrespectful, how do you think she would feel if she saw it? this is cyber bullying, you guys are high school bullies
normalize blaming bullies for school shootings. most of them anyway.
Some bullies go after the ones they think are weaker then them but you're are stronger A lot of the ones who bully are being bullied themselves Just don't give the bullies power over you Been there all through high school because I'm a big girl. It's hard but you can stand strong
This is like middle school bully behavior
//*Me about to fight a bully in middle school* Bully: You are dead Me: I am so dead... My short friend that practiced martial arts:
I bullied this one girl in high school because she was somebody who always wanted to fit in with us. She followed our every move and I can’t stand a fucking follower! But till this day, I regret it because ion like that bully shit! It ain’t cool.
A Long time ago I Had a toxic friend and she used to bully me and My brother But She took it to far And I Wrestled her down and the she left the school... That's it I Wrestled a girl then they left my school
@the girls who bullied me in high school and told me I’d never make it: I have lived in 2 literal paradises, got to compete in Australia, run my own business, make my own schedule, make gr8 money, have an amazing man, get to rep my sport on the news Tysm for the motivation
sometimes I see the girls who bullied me in high school have "registered nurse " in their bio and I hope and pray to god I dont get hurt in their city
just got an email from my (anglican, female single-sex) high school encouraging alumni to write in with exciting life events. should i tell them i transitioned to male and married the girl the staff bullied me for dating
University of North Carolina Wilmington professor Mike Adams, who was known for his anti-LGBTQ, misogynistic, and racist remarks, was found dead in his home Thursday, days before he was due to retire as part of a settlement with the school.
A lifelong Eagles fan I appreciate the analogy, but I dont see Trump getting the last minute win on this, he's failing too badly, now, like his trying to bully schools into reopening, he's too addicted to center stage, he could use surrogates for this (R) Senators but Trump can't
The girls who bullied me and made my life hell in high school all the sudden think I’m cool enough to follow me on Instagram. Like okay but honestly why am I even still relevant to you? That’s my real question.
Cue him lifting the cigarette over his head. Yeah- Taro is a tall boi. This would just look like some sort of middle school bully. "Aww~ you really do care about me. I knew you liked me all along!"
in high school i hung out with the girls who bullied me in middle school
You must push back hard on these efforts. Don't let them bully you. If they don't, take your kids out of school.
What’s with the 80s movie troupe that the school bully was also like a sociopath borderline murderer. Were the 80s that rough?
I'm about 5'8 and got a lot of the same by this one dude on the wrestling team in high school. He'd always bully me because I was in the GSA and love prowrestling; one day he tore out a handful of my hair. I turned, locked his head and knee'd him in the face. He stopped bullying
“I was 7 years old when my dad got out of prison. If he hadn’t gotten deported, he still would’ve had the chance to see me grow up. Maybe he would’ve been a protective dad who confronted the parents of my middle school bullies.” — @blanca__star
taemin’s bullies in middle school @taemin
By the transitive property of social math being seen next to a hot girl with principles means you were never bullied in high school and you definitely don’t care about your ex
Rebecca Black was bullied too much and is now home schooled. At least she no longer has to decide which seat she can take. @jballard47
i deleted my dating apps because i just keep meeting girls that would have bullied me in high school and that’s unfortunately already my type in men &amp; i realized that means i need therapy
I've know my life was worthless since middle school when there was a bully who would literally stab me with a plastic fork daily and not even my 'friends' in my class would do anything to help me or stop him. I think that was the trigger
His feed isn't hacked, the president's campaign purposely posted this nonsense. WE NEED LEADERSHIP not middle school bully nonsense like this.
omfg same!! this girl who bullied me and abused me in our friendship when i was a young girl alllll the way through high school is a fucking psychologist or therapist!! it’s so gross
The girls that were mean to me in high school unironically liked glee, wore peasant tops, and exclusively Victoria’s Secret perfumes and somehow I’m the one that got bullied?
Just like niggas never get over they first heartbreak, bitches cannot get over the girls that bullied them in high school. Both I get tired of y’all posting about move on
LMAOOO that blabla king shit who always validate themselves as a king of the school while they arent at all,,, they used to bully me tf up before u came tho
I hate when bitches act hard and try to scare you off. Stupid asses wanna be a high school bully so bad
Coward, school bully.
I’m rewatching Ripping Yarns, starting with Tomkinson’s Schooldays. School Bully is my favourite #HopYeHopYeGood
Also I'm super happy bc the girl that bullied me in high school didn't show up for her appointment I was so worried about it too so thank god
wish girls who bullied me in high school would stop inviting me to like their pages on Facebook
#WhyIDontLikeTrump He lies, he's careless with people's lives, he's a bully, he's corrupt, he's cheated people out of their life savings with Trump University, he's for kids in cages, he's against good public schools for all, he's ruining our country, and he's just a cruel ass.
“Hey girl! *tried to sell me some pyramid scheme shit*” No, girl who bullied and harasssed me in high school, who apparently has found God but never apologized.. I don’t want you to sell me anything. Go away.
To all the girls that bullied me in high school I just wanna say congratulations on your ugly baby
Gym looks and sounds just like this twat face kid in middle school that thought he was a bully until I smashed his face in the bus window
#FireZackHall remember that typic bully no one loved in high school? Yeah well, that bitch evolved into Zack Hall, pls fire him
Lots if things. I sounded like a girl (voice) until I was 16. I was chubby in middle school early high school. I got bullied for not having a dad (died) Expressing myself, openly without care of consequence. Being poor. Being a late bloomer for puberty. It's an endless list
LIES - this is the Federal Courthouse. Nothing but Graffiti until your armed high school graduates that Erik Prince hired came to town. You are a bully and should be ignored. #TrumpIsALaughingStock
I went to an all girls school and was bullied every day for being different. This was the only picture I took at my high school graduation. After the ceremony, I walked out of St Patrick’s cathedral flipping everyone off. This moment has always stuck with me.
but i lost it all when a girl who bullied me (i was starting high school) at the time found my account, hacked it and deleted everything, causing me great pain and i didn't want to get involved with social media for a long time
Imagine that. Hiring people who specialize in solving social problems works better than giving your high school bully, who can’t solve a cereal box maze, a gun and qualified immunity. #shocker
Wish my high school bullies had twitter so I could @them and call them cunts
I aspired to be the cheetah girls when I was little, but in reality the cheetah girls would have been bullied mercilessly in any regular high school, even with all that talent
The girls that bullied me in high school grew up to speak to want to the manager. Some things never change.
Do y’all think it’s a psychological problem that I’m attracted to girls who look like they would have bullied me in high school?
does anyone remember how the first victim of the sante fe high schooting was a girl the shooter had harassed for months with no end bcuz she didnt wanna date him and everyone brushed off calling it incel terrorism bcuz 2 people said he was bullied
It is so difficult to forget people who bully you in school. But so important to forgive and move on. Thank you Melanie for bringing this up in your tweet.
Hey Chris - I see u as the kid that got bullied even by girls in your middle and high school... Am I wrong? Did the girls take all ur lunch money? All the time? Are u still mad about it? Did they laugh at you and make you feel worthless? I know they did. It's all rhetorical.
Ok so, roblox (including royale high) turned into a rude game...because of all the rude people there. Today a girl sweared at people. And not only today. People get bullied in royale high as well. So can people stop this...It hurts to see people get bullied. This is serious! Stop
The thought of my son repeating the grade and still gona pay again, let them NOT decide for us. We care about their future and they are safe, keep your kids at home if schools are not safe a d let those who think its safe with their kids... People are BULLIES
First, you don't know what those bullies are coming to do. 45 lies so much, you can't believe nothing he says! Second, the problem in the Chi is not new; been a problem for years! This meddlers don't give a damn about our children, or the schools wouldn't be so poor...
From my experience PE teachers are bullies. I went on a lovely nature walk the other day and thought schools should do that more. Encourage walking and more enjoyable exercise. Make it fun. Don't shout at me because I'm the slowest.
This to me is when I saw the girls who bullied me through high school preaching about feminism on women’s day...
this reminds me of a little girl that used to bully everyone in school. look at how fucking confident she is. like,theres fear in her eyes because we're bigger than her but she knows she's doing wrong but we can't do anything because we'll get in trouble. hope she's doing well
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/
anyways I want flynn to be a pissed off nerd in elementary school and yuri to be the chill kinda obnoxious bc his attitude stinks delinquent that blood into a beautiful relationship where yuri bullies flynn the entire time
You look great in it trust me. School bullies should not have this power on us. Embrace yourself cuz honestly this outfit is great on you !
//Arya x Teacher????? Arya x school bully??? Arya x nerd who's doing her homework??? Arya x "cool" person who promises her popularity??? All good concepts.
this guy at school used to bully me for having depression n shit anyway fast forward 2 years and i sucked him off and then broke his closeted gay heart revenge was sweet
STOP with the slurs!!! Sad when the leader of what WAS know as the most powerful nation in the world resorts to school yard name calling... Speaks to the mentality of the man in the Whitehouse. Come on America!!! No more Bully!!!
i actually feel sick i don’t understand how it’s men > women rn omg i don’t wanna go back to that school they’re gonna bully me and make fun of me for being bi
Racist Bully Who Brought Gun to School Now Doing It For a Living
ironic that this got tweeted so soon after i saw the girl who bullied me in high school post this
cool cool my former high school is again making national news because a girl and her mom are filing a lawsuit against them for not helping her when she was bullied and sexually assaulted at school. and the article I saw labelled us "the n*zi-salute school" yeehaw
Quinn the Queer and Quinn the Queef were my nicknames by bullies since middle school... ....my brother started the nicknames
Yeah so true. It wasn't a hearing. She's despicable. He was trying to answer her, & she said it's my time, my time. Oh I'm getting mad. What is this high school. Big deal ya little bully baby. She's a joke. Karma's a bitch, can't wait for it.
Republicans act like immature jr high school bullies
Mark's circle! JISUNG PARK — mark's broke neighbor, they're like brothers to each other — works at a convenience store — currently a sophomore in college DONGHYUCK LEE — mark's no. 1 bully — best friends with him since high school — dating renjun
One of my core traumas is being bullied my entire childhood for being “the girl with the short hair” and my peers constantly saying I was ugly and weird and gay and nobody would ever love me bc I’m a freak, and then in high school I finally stopped being myself to blend in but
My freshman year of high school I was bullied bc I liked Radiohead and the junior alternative girl in my art class liked MGMT and thought that was a much cooler thing to like I guess
not someone from my school who was sexist, homophobic and a bully getting tik tok clout
Man it must be boring being one of the “popular girls” in high school that bullied everyone, 6 years on and they still all look the same as one another
@bellathorne143 i herd that you got bullied when you was 6 years old and i feel bad,are you ok
Back in elementary school, when someone picked on you didn’t you feel the urge to fight back? And that bully was doing it just to fuck with you. Cause it makes him feel better.
Yes! That one. A girl who got bullied at her high school and she had a twin sister. Hahaha.
these are high school fucking bullies
To give me some background, he told me that he had grown up in the violent streets of Belfast. His first stabbing was when he was 7 yrs old. The school bully had demanded the he had for his lunch. He said no. The older boy took out a long knife &amp; asked for the a second time
Let's beat the LYING virus carriers! Trump. Barr, Jim Jordan & colleagues are carriers of the virus called LYING! Barr is a smug, nasty bigot. He's a bully; in middle school he wasn't liked by peers. Now, he craves Trump's affection. He's a shameful rep.
I stole my PSP from the school bully years ago let's hope it's not going to explode
Same! Girls are so mean. I was bullied by a group of them in high school and some were ex "friends". I'm more comfortable in social groups that have a mix of men and women because too many girls at once often leads to bitchy conversations. Girls can be their own worst enemies.
My junior year of high school was a RIDE. This girl had bullied me for almost 3 years now, the school hadn't done anything about it, so I just started trying to ignore her, right? For some reason, she started getting a crush on my BEST FRIEND. 1/?
am i the only one that thinks it’s incredibly weird to hold people accountable for the way they acted when they were like 11-16? like for being bullies in high/middle school?
So let's discuss my dream of @edsheeran, looking like @Evan_Peters, wearing a rabbit mask to secretly interview his fans before dancing with one of them; a girl who used to be fat and bullied in high school to the point that no one wrote anything in her yearbook.
The new girl at work is cool af. She also definitely would’ve bullied me in high school
if you read that as argumentative then that’s on your naivety. i know good and well what you mean, point is and has always been that bullies don’t give a fuck about “bullying shouldn’t happen at school or at all”. they gon bully others and keep doing so regardless of your feels
Your entire department needs to be disbanded and a replacement needs to come in that aren't a bunch of high school dropout bullies looking for someone to boost your ego.
I can't stand his voice or his look. He's a smug, wannabe jock, high school bully who "peaked" when he was a junior in high school.
I have so much content for OF/AVN, I just don't know which one to fuck you losers up with first? ♡ Seductive eating/ASMR ♡ School bully strap on ♡ Wetlook strap on ♡ Cock sucking instruction ♡ Messy food play with feet ♡ Shiny fetish ♡ Cuckoldress/chastity tease Comment!
the strange family is full of bullies. high school fucking bowlies.
my old bully, jujus old bully and the most bitchy girl from middle school becoming friends is a turn i didn't expect coming
there’s so many tiktoks with girls showing their guy friends and showing how it’s so cool to have guy friends, then there’s me...in high school some guys bullied me for being an extrovert...i never experienced having really close guy friends..
I was just going to comment the same thing. When I learned a girl was being bullied in high school, we took her under our wings. I told the other girls what was really going on. And the bullies were shunned. Never stood for bullying; my folks who didn't tolerate that or prejudice
This OML. I would get bullied in high school for being a communist cat girl, despite never talking about politics or cat girls. People just saw “trans!!!” and instantly assumed I was a cuddly communist, with a passion for thigh highs.
this goes out to the one girl that bullied me and my entire friend group in high school cheers sweetheart
If anyone tells u they went to high school with me and I was a mean girls bitch who did cheerleading and bullied them they are LYING to you I did MUSICAL THEATRE I wore FOOTSIE PAJAMAS TO SCHOOL IN THE WINTER and the theatre kids literally made fun of me stop LYING!
this girl bullied me so bad in high school i had to be moved to completely different classes so i wasn’t in any lessons with her. Tea
Backstory to this: This guy actually use to bully me in high school, now he’s sliding in my dm’s six years later after I rejected him due to what he did and men still have the audacity. TRASH
cousin, a straight A student, bullied into suicide and my eyes start tearing up knowing I'll never see him again.
literally why can’t people realize that white girls can be bullied oh my god you’re all acting like you CAN’T be bullied for ANYTHING AT ALL if you’re white. have y’all really never walked into a high school??
Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/Wcp5Sfkp via @Change Get these girls EXPELLEDDDDD!
My bully from Primary school just followed me
Bruh, we've let the nerds we used to bully in school, take over and try to rule us. You know how easy it would be to take this whole civilization back? We could probably do it in less than a fucking week and I'm not even fucking exaggerating.
Ariana Grande reminds me of every girl who bullied me in the ultra-competitive Bakersfield community theater scene during high school and also she cannot enunciate for shit
These cops must be SO eager to bully children and know they might lose that chance if schools go virtual this year and/or the student union gets what they are asking for...but I guess this will tide them over! Disgusting behavior.
Another girl who bullied me in high school for my weight got fat too MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ME
you attack ONE girl that was a bully in high school and here come all her friends! pack it in slug and lettuce customer base
Hey, the jerk that in Our House, what church do you worship at? Practice what you preach. And if you wants school to open, let's do it by example. So when is Barron and your grandchildren going to school. #DISGRACE BULLY.
a girl I went to high school with who bullied other girls was in line at the airport with me. she then proceeded to cut me in line. I guess things never change lmaoooo
Millions of families across America deal with food insecurity. #TraitorTrump is looking to take away government programs designed to help sustain school lunches for our children Our children are being attacked by the biggest bully in America &amp; they need our help
I know how girls parents feel..Son was bullied at high school but bully got shock one day when son turned on bully and punched him up and down the class .. not the result I wanted but it worked
The gf of a dude who bullied me in high school (but who likes my selfies on insta &amp; messaged me "looking good girl" once years ago) just messaged me to ask whether he's hit on me recently, and he's extremely lucky I'm a good person because I really coulda done something with that
These were the girls i was friends with all throughout middle school and high school, they are the sweetest people like no one else and always treat everyone with kindness yet are constantly being bullied.
correction: This is a high school bully
that doesn’t look like a girl that got bullied and ate in the bathrooms in high school. she is a bullshit liar and she even claimed that she didn’t start the alayah drama but SHE DID
I love middle school bullies now
Adventures in Odyssey at 4 Another Man’s Shoes Jared decides to take revenge on Brock, the school bully — but soon finds out that two wrongs don’t make a right! Whit sends Jared on a trip through the Transmuter — where Jared actually becomes Brock for an entire day.
FB is weird cause I can see the girls who bullied me in junior high sending their daughters off to school. No, I don’t know why I accepted her friend request either.
I was relentlessly bullied in high school for my weight, looks, sexuality, and social awkwardness And not once did my bullies deserve death I'm glad McKinney will have to spend 20 years before parole is even an option and I hope they dont get it tbh
i see this a lot of girls in particular if i had a penny for every tweet i’ve seen abt how “some girls never grew out of the bitchy bully high school mentality” n its like Hello that attitude was never ok n the ppl u bullied (me) are real ppl not some natural stage of development
Odd, I can’t really remember being specifically bullied in high school but grade 7 was a bad year. I pushed back in grade 8 and all was well. The issue in grade seven was just the usual crap girls often go through re breast size (or development of breasts). The girls were bad.
The weird anime kid after the school bully disrespects his waifu
To all the girls in high school who bullied and laughed at me for being bisexual and later turned out to also like girls, I hope you’re having the worst time in quarantine.
Ive seen a fat kid at my school crush the “bully” and light him up on the ground. Bullys are subjective sometimes they really are all talk
She smells of narcissist tae me. Allegedly a bully at school, she's just grown up yon way and joined a party kent for it's bullying. What a horrible admission to make public.
Did a wee Google search on one of my worst high school bullies. Turns out he lives not too far from me. Has only one leg now. The urge to go and kick his crutch away from the homophobic racist cunt is *strong*, people...
4 all the girls from high school that called me ugly and fat and seriously bullied me. FUCK YOU. But look at me now
girls who bullied me in high school are trousers now and im scotland
WHO IS BULLYING HER?! I just wanna talk.. I used to be bullied through freakin’ high school for my red hair, accompanying inappropriate comments too. She’s such a beautiful girl and she’s so unique. Take pride in that
He looks like a version of Robert Downey, Jr. that got bullied in school, when in my mind the real RDJ was definitely the bully.
I like Putting kindness, first 4 everyone that's just me. NO more school shooting! Transgender and other kids need support to make their life worth living. Bullies suck and everyone should step in to stop it not film it. it's always e/z to say a kind word. #MAGA2020
I found my elementary school bully on Instagram and I gotta say... I hope she raises her daughters to be better little girls than she was.
I used to bully @ThatKidSonya so much in class lmfao she kept me laughing for dayssss !
*teleports behind u* *looks up at god* "heh..." *clenches fist* *seals the fate of the entire world and his school bullies especially travis from grade 5 hes not a copy of yasuo travis stop saying that his walk is different wtf no its not gay shut up travis
When columbine high school shooting happen those two kids got teased and bullied! One of them have a form of autism. I have a book about it by shooter mother ( the author) even on the interview one girl was crying and saying “ I know them they got bullied a lot “
In which "the leftists" are elementary school bullies in an 80s movie and Michael Tracey is 9 year-old Michael Tracey.
yall are high school bullies
This clandestine affair btwn 45 & the Saudi Kingdom is like walking in on ur significant other on the downstroke in your bed w/the mean girl in high school that bullied u all 4 years, &amp; they don’t stop what they’re doing they just start laughing at u. #weRfucked #TheResistance
just had a dream ahha that my life long bully was sitting behind me and she saw the porn on my phone hahahahah and then she exposed me in front of tve school for having those kinks and being fucked up
The girl that bullied me in high school; her husband got their baby sitter pregnant. Yep Karma.
Has the Department of Education issued any guidelines for bullies? Bit unrealistic to expect them to rely on cyberbullying alone after the schools reopen.
THEYRE HIGH SCHOOL. FUCKING. BULLIES.
That particular artist does very graphic doujins involving girls getting beat because she resents women for being bullied in high school. It's probably one of the more extreme examples but it's what I had on-hand.
I (16F) am trying to ruin my ex-bestie’s (16F) social standing after she bullied me in middle school and created a reign of terror at our high school by making the new girl (16F) join their squad. AITA?
Excuses for keeping racist bullies in school have included (paraphrases not direct quotations): "Not all excluded kids are racist bullies" "I was was racially abused as a child" "We can break the cycle of racism" "Exclusions have nothing to do with behaviour"
BREAKING Irish Union Of Bullies Finds Government’s New School Distancing Plan ‘Challenging’ And ‘Disruptive’
Support local business? Sure. How bout I go to the hair salon of every girl that bullied me in high school, get a shitty haircut, flirt with them, then leave without tipping or seducing them #CityBoySummer
i was thinking about the people that used to bully me at school because of my hair n stuff but then my 6 year old cousin told me “you’re beautiful” with a smile &amp; i looked at her n smiled too. it’s like she knew what i was thinking of.
when the girls from your high school who bullied you get together for a reunion ...... ew just ew
No popular girl who bullied me in high school has all three: -a nursing degree -a gay best friend -a rehabilitated mean girl personality; now a girlboss
// Realize I havent updated in awhile.. He's healing alot better.. still self conscious and doesnt want to go to school- afraid of bullies in his class making fun of him.
Guys on bus: man she hella thicc Me: ah yes, any girl can appear curvy if you're horny enough Not hating but I refuse to be bullied for my whole childhood about being thicc just to have it become cool in high school I DID NOT SUFFER FOR THIS
Well, it's fucking horrible and I think I'm dying but ya know, still here
The girls that bullied me in high school now post bible verses as their Instagram captions
Learning to hold your own should be taught in schools Instead we teach kids to not bully others You have no control over bullies This tweet isn't about bullying
my dad died and white girls from middle/high school wanna be nice all of a sudden. u bullied me i ain’t forget
I still can’t get over the girl who fucking bullied me and sought out fights w me alll through high school is actively trying to sell me her pyramid scheme sex toys and made it her job title on Facebook. Like congrats bitch who peaked in high school now??
A week with my gay ass brother &amp; sister. Why the fuck can't they just go back to school.
Can you imagine what SISD is going to be saying when this girl retaliates? What was it they said about Cruz in Parkland? @ABC7breaking @ShelbyKVIA7 Girl bullied &amp; assaulted on video leads to parent's outrage at Montwood High School administrators https://www.kvia.com/news/education/sisd-student-assaulted-now-parents-want-change/1121659642
Stuff like this makes no sense. It's like bullies in school- they keep getting away with it and the people being bullied have to move classes, schools, etc. In Dem land, the bad are rewarded.
You sound a lot like my middle school bully
George meets a beautiful woman who is perfect for him in every way, except she shares the name of an irritating girl who bullied him in high school; he avoids saying her name at all costs in an attempt to ignore the association. Kramer opens a pop up cof…
all the nightmares i had at age 10 really desensitized me to trauma dreams huh. like i had a dream where my high school bully tried to stab me to death and woke up like "well okay then"
I blame PE teachers and the schools because they are to blame. They consistently fail to create an inclusive environment and often deliberately alienate kids they don't want to teach. In my experience, they're bullies with real power.
girls who bullied me in high school are alfredos now and im sparkling water
My bully from high school just sent me a friend request lmao
i see i see! i am very fucking horrible at math so unironically thank u sm !!! i think this will help me in school aaa!!!!! /Srs
“For years I was bullied for being effeminate. Well, I went through with it, and I totally love the results! I was that “skinny gay” kid all throughout high school, but I was the most popular girl at prom last… https://www.instagram.com/p/CB52v5MnkOq/?igshid=ln7g62yy0p4v
I don't know why I had been having these random dreams of remembering how much I got bullied back in elementary school and high school for being a crybaby, a nerd and also choosing to have my hair out straightened. The kids always said I looked like a girl and made fun of me.
Study finds third of teachers have been bullied online http://t.co/rXuVcXG
god i would’ve bullied tf out of these girls in high school. they would’ve regretted ever looking at the poor girl in the middle
This girl who bullied me so hard in high school keeps liking all my photography pics and I really hope she asks to shoot so I can say no.
wedding vows of the girl that bullied you in high school blonde outback steakhouse ups and downs highs and lows annoying voice itscaitlinhello
Omfg. I was bullied in junior high; these girls in my class put some food in my locker at the end of a term. I came back the next term to meet a locker filled with maggots.
girls who bullied me in high school are watercolor paints now and im magpie
girls like this bullied lesbians in high school
bully directionators, lie about not having a favorite, rewatch the video diaries every day after school, worship kevin the fucking fake pigeon,
It's terrifying seeing all the hateful girls who bullied everyone in high school becoming nurses and special ed teachers
I WOULD IF THEY WERENT ALL CLOSED I TRIED MY HARDEST ON THIS COSPLAY AND YOU ARE BEING A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY
Dumb Donald continues to try to bully his way through the COVID-19 pandemic. The funding for schools should stay with the schools. Just because the school buildings aren't occupied doesn't mean that educating our children has stopped. There are teachers...
Imagine signing up to do this for a living, @PortlandPolice What is wrong with you?! Were you The Bully in school, or were you The Bullied ? #AngerIssues #WallofMoms #WallOfVets #WallofVetsPDX #WallOfDads #PortlandMoms #Portland @japantimes @lemondefr @dwnews @BBCWorld
Damn where’s the one from like a year or two ago with the white gay kid in high school going up and dog walking his bully after saying some homophobic shit.
The girls who preach on social media about mental health the most are always the ones who bullied you in high school
This high percentage of girls who are bullied is similar to what I have found and is much higher than statistics from more traditional studies in bullying
People wanna be like they’re not the same people they were at 17 but like several girls from my high school who were DEMONS and still bullied class mates and even our teachers beyond graduation became nurses AND had the audacity to have kids.
I got bullied in high school which made me uncomfortable to be who i was so i faked a whole “quirky girl” persona when i entered uni but then i was like fuck it imma be me and now im back to being anxious :)))))
You first, Vanny. Send YOUR kids on the bus to public school every day. #TrumpVirusCatastrophe
Damn. I was bullied in the early years of high school, but I guess they stopped because I would not care and some times fight back. But I can't comprehend how the mind of people like those two girls work. Is that just a way to have fun using others, they expect to gain something?
idc he totally just reads to me like the type of person who would bully me in school for how i did my makeup and hair because i wasn't pretty
all the girls who bullied me in high school joined sororities
remember when my high school's top boy bullied a girl into changing schools because she refused to have sex with him on new years
all of them look like they’d bully me in middle school
Black boys were the worst bullies all throughout School, lmfao
Did you learn to be a bully in school or is this new to you? How could you be so cruel to make assumptions of where and what he can or can not do and then judge him for it? Does this make you feel superior?
if you do not look like a straight girl who lowkey bullied the gay kids in high school but was "anti-hate" then you're the problem /s
As a clutzy kid with depth perception & hand-eye coordination issues who was also unpopular, PE was torture for most of school. I had teachers who thought if you couldn't get good at any given sport you just weren't trying hard enough and had to be mostly naked around my bullies.
high school fucking bullies
why are all the girls that bullied me in high school in happy relationships and i can’t seem to get past whatever fucking base “i can’t be the person you deserve to have” is.
The @HanoverCountyVa Chair Canova Peterson calls local school board "biggest bully" for changing confederate school names. I'd urge him to read https://www.instagram.com/blackathanovercps/ for bullying children experience in Hanover County schools.
high school bully bye report
Exactly Jean! Even now trump and his administration r trying to bully teachers into unsafe working conditions which WILL end up costing thousands of lives, and pushing parents 2 send children to schools that are unsafe. Going so far as wanting parents 2 sign liability waivers.
like wasn’t this girl fucking sexually assaulted??? confessed that she had been bullied in high school bc she attracted male attention?? everyone was pressuring her and taunting her about her love life, it wasn’t just a joke when she’s always been tormented about it
seeing girls who bullied you in high school get pregnant is something scary
Strip clubs? OPEN! Public schools? CLOSED! Maybe strippers need to unionize.
The CDC & the LOCAL PUBLIC HEALTH are whom this private school will b LISTENING 2 &amp; FOLLOWING THEIR GUIDELINES 4 re-opening school this fall! They will NOT b listening 2 the president of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA! BULLY-0, SCHOOL-1 ROTFLMAO LOVE IT!!
You were bullied? If so, I’m sorry that happened to you. It happened to me too in middle school then all of a sudden that thing that happens to girls happens. I made sure in high school to befriend everyone and didn’t care what people said about it.
my “friend” dated my middle school bully like less than a year after he did it lmfaojsjsjs
Bullies run in packs against one woman. Just like in middle school
i take that back. it’s just middle aged women with children and girls that definitely bullied in high school with children.
Oh the one I meant wasn’t a bully he was some guy I knew. My bully I thankfully know nothing about beyond middle school. He’s why I hate kyles tho lmao
So I found out that back in high school, my man turned down one of the girls that was in this group of popular girls that bullied me the most for literally no reason... I'M MARRYING HIM!!!!
I loved school, and yes, I had my share of bullying. But in those days, if you got sick of being bullied, you could pound those bullies to a pulp without worry of sanctions.
Similar experience. I got bullied by a group of girls and i couldn't stand up for myself (i was in junior high school) it was the worst year of my life i had to leave the school.
The following video is the story of two girls who were best friends and what happens after 1 of them becomes popular in high school. It talks about how 19,000 bullied students attempt to commit suicide each year
Yeah I have been bullied because of my hair. They claimed it wasn’t all mine when indeed it was. I’ve been excluded by these group of black girls in high school (I went to a private school so mostly yte) but we eventually became friends. A lot of light skins have my story
I’m tired of white girls wearing asian culture thinking they’re edgy when they probably bullied asian girls in high school
Now yes Ahahah I can't they are all white and low-key look like the people who bully you in school
imagine: a girl who bullied you in high school’s parents coming over to your house and asking you if their daughter was nice to you,,,,,,, this isn’t funny this is my life
I will never forget that day you assisted me while some bullies threw my books on the floor while I was walking to the bus at Bowie High School. It’s probably a long/ forgotten memory but I will be forever grateful.
Twitter is now just a playground in which I will be the school bully
Like two bullies in school looking at each other to see if they did something disgraceful enough.
One of the girls who #bullied me in junior high #school sent this to me. This was me in 7th or 8th grade. I wrote a paper on #BenFranklin. I dropped out of school in 10th grade and received my #GED before my class #graduated. (#TrumpDC has a #monument) #BenjaminFranklin
My mom fucking blind sides me out of nowhere at times. *3 years ago, we're watching Charlie Brown* Mom: ........do you think Charlie Brown would be a school shooter now and days? Me: Mom! Wtf??? Mom: Have you seen how Lucy bullies him??
the yaoi folder girl was the 2nd girl to ever flash me her tits (she was older than me) and the first to do it was a girl who bullied me in high school, so i never really counted it
I went to school I'm America I literally got bullied so much because of my appearance but later on in high school girls started going fucking crazy because I was the only Asian "OMG YOUR KOREAN AND JAPANESE" "OMG YOUR SO BEAUTIFUL YOU LOOK LIKE A KPOP IDOL" "OPPA YOUR SO CUTE"
Can’t afford to just travel to protest, but my heart bleeds for every one of the folks out there carrying the standard of fairness and equality! Didn’t see a black kid in school till 9th grade in ‘91 &amp; that sucked cause he was a bully. Can’t blame him, must have been tough.
I’ll give you a wedgie I swear to god I was a bully in middle school and I’m not above it now
The US can’t recover until Covid-19 is brought under control. This is an obvious fact but 4 some reason it’s more than Trump can get his head around. Instead he bullies states &amp; localities 2 reopen schools or else. US needs Mighty Joe who’s been there with the Swine flu pandemic
Why are boys from my middle school hitting me up like they didn’t bully me for being ugly
love when the girls from high school that bullied me ask me how i’ve gotten to look this good it’s called kindness and weight training
The school system is what bullies me. I have to wake up at 6:00, but I’ve been waking up at 11 the whole summer...
No, I expect professionalism from law enforcement. I’m not going to treat them like a high school bully.
@realDonaldTrump No one likes the bully! Where the hell have you been? That’s the plot of every B-movie or after school special of the week. Flattery should come voluntarily &amp; naturally. When it doesn’t come to you, you should ask questions. And FYI...yes, it IS your personality.
no there are high school bullies that pretend to be mean and then there’s flo milli
Same. Last year there was a new story of a girl being bullied at Livingstone High with the same surname. All I wondered was why the bullies didn't recognize the name and leave her tf alone.
When girls who bullied you in high school dm you asking you to be a “BOSS BABE” with her.
If you’re getting bullied by one of the “pretty” popular girls FEAR NOT cause those are always the ones that end up fat, pregnant, broke or addicted to drugs after high school. Keep shining
Watching one of the girls who bullied me relentlessly in high school, called me homophobic slurs, threatened me and my friends become one of the biggest people on tiktok is— crazy
Pathetic parenting by Portland porkers. This is child abuse stemming from public-school educations sans moral compass. If U.S. isn't good enough, reallocated funds should be used to send low-live bullies back to where they matter (under rock). @MrAndyNgo @ABC @AP @CNN @Oregonian
Hm well I was bullied for being fat, being Honduran, being emo in middle school lmao, the girls bullied me for being an oblivious tomboy lol. Stood up for myself in high school finally, but it still hurts me and my self image u-u
When the girl who bullied ME in high school blocks ME I never did anything to her. Still gonna pray for her tho
Tammy is for real, unlike fake Sydney, who was acting like a high school mean girl to her, right after saying she was going for the rose saying she was bullied in school. From your other post it paints a different picture than hiding in the bathroom.
Ain't it though. People like that exist just to make others as miserable as they are. In school they were called bullies, here, trolls. I'm sorry you had to deal with that dumbfuckery.
@Lilyia_art I don't have any parenting advice, but I got bullied all through school pre-k all the way to senior year of high school got so bad I had to finish school online because there were girls intentionally trying to kill me (I started having issues w/ fragrance then-
I haven't watched any of her videos since she bullied that girl with DID &amp; I used to like her but can clearly see at 32 she's gone down the shithole &amp; anyone who seriously "stans" her at thus point is either high on meth or in need of being sectioned &amp; heavily sedated.
Shut up high school bully stan
The same girls who bullied me in junior high for liking one direction are really posting Harry’s new album on their insta stories
I remember being bullied in 6th grade by this lil ass girl . I found out I was only afraid cos of her bigger friend . But babbbbby, soon as she tried them shits at Holmes Jr High it was about to go down . Her... https://www.facebook.com/100000423786763/posts/2767903759900390/
100 gecs make music for girls who were bullied in high school who secretly wished they were the cool kids
Minutes while watching the movie, I remembered a lot. High school momories, people, happenings and I suddenly missed to be in school. Hays. Then the movie was all about a bullied tall girl.
You are such an immature girl. You act like a high school girl, always berating others while patting yourself on the back. How would you feel if Barron was bullied and berated like you do others? How would you feel if Melanie was spoken to and bullied like you do other women?
I really let myself get bullied freshman year by a girl who tried getting high with chapstick in bio.
Im British and them talking in this video sounds like those typical high school bullies you hear in movies am I the only one?
You don't have a problem getting along with girls then? Being bullied by girls in high school doesn't mean you can't get along with them? I was bullied by boys and I still have guy friends... This isn't a reason to avoid women
I can’t wait to go to my high school reunion all decked out n see all the mean girls who bullied me be fat n ugly
Just let people be who they want! This bullshit "poser" attitude is what stunted my self expression when I was a teen. The whole school laughed and called me a poser cuz i wanted to wear jncos. Called a poser! This bully attitude needs to stop.
This has me Irrationally shaking. I was bullied throughout high school by people like this, except I was taught if someone lays their paws on you, make sure its the first and last time they ever do so. This little girl playing at being tough is about to learn she ain't shit.
She never talk about dark skin women she spoke on the girls who bully her in grade school who were black never said darkskinn and the person she told to take a bleach bath was a spam page so she didn’t even know the color or gender of that person
Concept of 'Dark Power': Like soft power, but an active attempt to be the baddest bully out there. The 'Millwall School of foreign policy'. Skripal Salisbury poisonings were a sign: Unnecessarily convoluted, deniable, but with a knowing wink. @MarkGaleotti #SSEES #RussiaReport
Stump @realDonaldTrump thought he/she could school yard bully china, what a weak coward #RussianAsset failure
the girls that bullied me in high school for liking 1d now posting about them hmmmm
Now that I think about it I've had gender dysphoria ever since 12 but I repressed all of that in middle school because I'm getting bullied for just showing my emotion later on high school happened and I'm 100% that girl y'know
Hi why can't you search tik toks? I just saw one that was "wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school" and it was so funny and it disappeared
"How to Love Your Bully," teaches both #children and adults how to share the love your bully lacks. https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/how-to-love-your-bully-casey-bell/1124617872?ean=9781365271373 #ChildrensBooks #kidsbooks #elementary #Kindergarten #teachertwitter #schools
I was the girl who was bullied in primary school. Who had grown a lot by the time I came to high school and became taller than most, still got bullied and took it up for the bullied ones. Got into LOTS of fights and detentions!! And had a lot of anger and vengeance
Kalvin garrah looks like a girl who bullied me and was mean to me in middle school and then suddenly was nice to in the middle of high school. Only kalvin has an even more square head
Made some good friends though through those years. (And I think that girl hates my guts... she never looked at me again years later in high school... still facebook friends though) But yeah not bullied much ever since. Just gotta deal with some hardasses at work and that's that.
@itsmelaurrmarie i was bullied&amp;my school did nothing even when a girl treatened to kill me so thank u for standing up. Students:An in depth investigation on C. Milton Wright High School in Bel Air, MD - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/fmCnQjgq via @Change
There was one girl at my first high school that no MATTER the peer pressure she NEVER bullied or picked on anyone and 100% of the time stood up for the under dog (at the time, me). I’ve never forgotten it. She’s been so successful in life since and I couldn’t be happier for her.
I got to high school and there were girls that looked like me but not enough so I straightened my hair and fuckkkkedddd it all up ... for what ? Because other people who don’t have hair like me like bullied me into how I should wear it or would make ignorant comments.
I am too nice if anything. I stand up for myself. Every day feels like being back at high school! I’m not gonna be bullied into being the shy girl again. Ugh. Pissed that people in the industry would ‘boycott’ me bcos they ‘heard’ rumours. Every1 that knows me, knows the truth
The way i go from looking like a sleep deprived 12 year old to that hot girl who bullied you in high school unmatched
IGNORE them if they get in the streets. Tell people to stay away. Block off your streets so no one can even drive through. Let them stand all alone like bullies in a school yard. Make them look stupid.
Trump spends more time and energy trying to defame Obama than he does on Covid 19. A petty and vengeful man who is motivated by his inner feelings of inadequacy to his predecessor. Just like a school bully who calls smart people nerds, compassionate people pussies, etc.
I’m sad. There seems to be so little positive progress since I was at school, found it so humiliating and bullies given carte Blanche. We could at least bunk off our PE lessons, led to more skipping school classes though.
Recommended!! "Better Days" with English subs: https://www6.dramanice.movie/drama/better-days-detail A high school girl bullied in school meets a street thug, they relate with each other, bonded, and the boy become her "shadow" to protect her, but things goes wrong...
She's attention seeking - equivalent to a school yard bully who can't take it when the tables are turned.
In Kwekwe Ndebele was mainly taught in the Ndebele majority rural Zhombe, Silobela. In town, the schools didn't teach Ndebele, even some of the Ndebele kids I learnt with growing up can't speak Ndebele fluently as well.
The arrogance and school yard bully tactics are maddening. I don't argue anymore, just hope the affects of the koolaid wear off and they see the light one day soon
did anyone else have a super toxic bully of a middle school PE teacher who would publicly fat shame any child who didn’t fit the “ideal body type” or was that just me?
or, well, if we wanna go the yuri route, your girl was bullied in HS and in the office and is so lonely but can't make connections, whereas mine is an extremely bitter, alcoholic, overworked, high spec OL
These aren't actor cops on TV, committed to their work, to getting justice for victims. These are supremacist cops, high-school bullies in a uniform, people who may have had a dream once but now just want to hurt people they don't like. But they're hurting their country instead.
in the words of school yard hero who won't let the bullies pick on the girls. Do what with your nose full of rubber hose FONZY? LEAVE THE LADIES ALONE. THEY DON'T HAVE TO TAKE ANY FLACK FROM impoliteness - and not give what they got in turn for all the world to see - even NYT
this guy bullies me everyday, i go to his school. once he shoved the elderly lunch lady down. he doesnt deserve an egirl
I know a girl who bullied me from middle to high that joined anitwt because some dude in her class liked anime. And he was considered a cool/popular person so he and other popular weebs kind of made anime look like a cool thing.
that post ab kpop stans going to school together and everyone saying theyre gonna bully armys in the replies... and i'm supposed to be scared of a kpop stan why?
rebecca black has been bullied out of school but that's what you get when you make crap songs
My son is going to Grade 8 next year I fear for his life in high school but this says a lot about where the girl is coming from most of the time the bullies are or have been abused or bullied.
amy and I bully each other relentlessly and are hardly ever nice to each other yet here I am racking my brain trying to answer interview questions she’s written for her school project to the best of my ability bc I don’t want to ruin it for her
Oh, I'm sorry - I caught this in my feed, and I was JUST talking to a friend about this a few days ago. Doesn't have to be another girl... I was bullied as a kid through grade school. In high school I had some friends who weren't my friends...they just used me for rides.
This was so unnecessary. Dineo said she was bullied by girls in high school, guess she ended being the same girls who were bullying her.
As a junior high school girl, classmates misidentified my parents as obscenely rich. I was bullied continuously for not sharing my parents "wealth" with the poor middle class kids. The students got the teachers to join them. Elizabeth Warren has that same school attitude.
Me: *stayed up all night thinking of the perfect thing to say to bully at school* Bully at school: hey weirdo Also me:
i love seeing girls that bullied me in middle/high school being all “good vibes and love ” on social media and then treating me like absolutely dog shit at work LMAO
i only associate monster high and bratz dolls with bad feelings because those things were popular with the girls who bullied me in elementary school
or 25. I got bullied a lot from ages 10~17 all throughout school for a plethora of reasons (main one being I gained weight im between grades 7 and 8) and because I wasn't considered attractive when I was like 11 or 12. I didn't look or act like the popular girls at my Jr. High so
Everyone: Absolutely everyone: Girls who were massive dickheads and bullies at school: 𝓘𝓷 𝓪 𝔀𝓸𝓻𝓵𝓭 𝔀𝓱𝓮𝓻𝓮 𝔂𝓸𝓾 𝓬𝓪𝓷 𝓫𝓮 𝓪𝓷𝔂𝓽𝓱𝓲𝓷𝓰, 𝓫𝓮 𝓴𝓲𝓷𝓭
if i was a cat and went to high school with him i would bully him
DOES ANYONE HAVE THAT VIDEO OF THE WHITE GIRL SHO BULLIED YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL RECITING HER WEDDING VOWS??
I’ve been bullied my whole life for being skinny. I’m a little chubby now &amp; I will still always hear “you’re too skinny” “you need to eat something” in the back of my head. I even heard some guys over talking in high school saying they wouldn’t date this girl bc she is too skinny
I started cutting when i was in 7th grade 'cause people at school everyday bullied me. #SaturdayNightConfessions
School Bully: Tex AG Paxton Says Schools Can't Close. Astros-Dodgers Rivalry Still Hot. Top Stories at 8AM - https://mailchi.mp/houstonreader/start-1144008
anyway high school bullies deserve hell idc
All the bully programs in our schools have failed. Their parents have failed. This is heart breaking! Prayers are needed for this world.
some girls and i bullied (not really) a high school ta and are realizing rn that he liked it
in high school this girl was getting bullied, I never met the girl but other girls went as far as to write things like “____ is a whore” in front of the sinks in our school restrooms. I grabbed my sharpie and changed it to “___ is not a whore she is a great person” hope she good
I don’t have a make or model of a car to attribute to bad drivers but I will say, when I see a bad driver, a rude driver, I think of a Trumpster! Arrogant assholes like that are always Trump supporters. They’re like Bullies in school but now they’re grown. They’re still Bullies
the girls that bullied me in high school are the first ones to watch my story now lol
I’ve never been bullied yaz, some girls tried me in high school mare nkane ele kae
Y'all are giving Gracie too much power over you adult women. I guess she doesn't bother me because it will never be that serious. She is sassy but she is far from out of control. Grow up ladies, Gracie is not the girl who bullied you in Junior high. #TeenMom2
I know!!! He's this skinny little fkboy who bullied overweight girls in high school. I am still watching but I'd like to hear his response to what came out about him. He is so gross.
⁦@CDCgov⁩ allows Trump to bully them into downplaying risks to school openings. Appalling. ⁦@CDCgov⁩ you should be ashamed.
I didn’t know so many people could get so riled up over 2 words. Kind of interesting. Like an aggro spell. Why don’t people ignore what they don’t like like back in the 90s. I remember choosing different routes to school bc of a bully
There are other side benefits to parents attempting to home school that will: children can use the bathroom as they need to, they can eat without being rushed, they can learn at their own pace, no school bullies, and no school shooters
sometimes I think about the white girls that bullied me in high school and start projectile vomiting
you’d have to get girls who bullied in high school to ADMIT they were bullies first, though..... imagine lmao
I didn’t know that if you’re in a DM group & one group member blocks you, you automatically get removed from the group. When it happens in a group of educators it gives the impression of a school playground squabble with the school bully not letting someone they dislike play.
with my high-pitched little girl voice, begging to be bullied!
the way i wanna buy this but ik the kids in my school would bully me is sad
A deaf girl who is bullied in elementary and her bully grows up and basically regrets everything after being bullied himself after the whole situation and they meet again in high school
bitch I can see ya subtweet. I mean you ALWAYS got something to say but yet, you quiet in school.
As someone with Autism specifically Asperger's Syndrome it is sad to see other high functioning people with Autism get bullied and picked on every day and what is even sadder is our own president did just that to a girl talking to the UN. #ClimateStrike #TrumpsWalkAway #Autism
look like a wealthy white girl that probably would’ve bullied me in high school (IK UR THE SWEETEST BUT U JUST L O O K LIKE RHAT SHSJSJ)
girl who bullied me in high school stop acting like we were best friends at the drive thru challenge
When Rob Liefeld was in middle school, some bully accused him of having a foot fetish, and he resolved on the spot to never do anything to warrant such rumours in his life.
Batteling depression is like standing up to your high-school bullies. The chance of actually breaking the cycle is small but everytime you tell them to shut it you make their insults affect you less. Sooooo FUCK OFF BRAIN AIN'T GONNA DEAL WITH YOUR SHIT TODAY!!!!
It’s a personality thing. Ross is the sort of person NY Times staffer are or wish they were. Bari Weiss is the girl they bullied in high school and Bret Stephens is the guy who bullied them.
It is, according to my Instagram story feed, always the birthday of at least one blonde girl who would have bullied me in high school
I MENTORED TEENS AS A COUNSELOR FOR MTV'S, "IF YOU REALLY KNEW ME", WE MATCHED THE HIGH SCHOOL BULLY W/THE BULLIER &amp; THEY LEARNED EACH OTHERS STORY TO PROMOTE HEALING. PLEASE TEACH YOUR CHILDREN TO REPORT BULLYING TO THEIR STATE &amp; LOCAL OFFICIALS &amp; HANDLE IT IN THE APPROPRIATELY
And the bullies win in the school yard.
In my high school white thick girls were bullied into thinking they were fat because they had hips and curves.
If the caribbean was a high school, Jamaicans whole be the popular mean girl or track team boys. Y'all are bullies
THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES
A "Petty Pack", your sims could have Bullies Neighborhood pranksters Rumor spreading an INTERACTIVE social media (simstagram) Shady group chats Shoplifting Stealing siblings clothes Malls Group fights A lying skill Maybe a popular meter for school sims that may be a dif pack tho
omg jus realized one of the girls that bullied me in high school boyfriend is subscribed to my onlyfans
The girl who used to bully me in school now keeps complimenting me Idk if it's a character development or I'm supposed to wait for the moment where she starts all that crap again because she's still acting like a bitch to some other ppl
Police work is too often appealing to the bully kids from school - the ones with anger issues and personality disorders. They get a uniform, a gun and can wield power over the smart kids from school.
Your school girl crush on the arrogant bully Cuomo is cute but, it’s clouding your vision. It was his call to send them to the nursing homes. Sorry
If you’ve graduated from high school and your favorite pass time is to STILL bully people you used to go to school with. Grow the hell up.
In high school I had a crush on a girl who was reading Little Women so I read Little Women and then she called me gay and bullied me for two years. Excited to see the new movie tho
They are running out of evil plots ..trying to blame it all on POTUS!! They are like bullies in a school yard who finally get their asses kicked!!!
honestly being bullied from primary school through to the end of high school.. it’s a little hard when groups of girls call you ugly every day it kinda sticks BUT I’ve learned to love myself WAY more
Girls at howell high school posting the blackout is so backwards. I was by myself in the fight to ban confederate flags. WHERE WERE YOU????? WHERE THE FUCK WERE YOU?? I WAS BULLIED RELENTLESSLY BY YOUR BOYFRIENDS???
In 7th grade I moved to a small town. Some girls led by a bully surrounded me after school, the leader slapped me. I went to punch her &amp; accidentally threw her down into a choke hold instead. Scared &amp; crying, didn't let go till they promised to let me walk away.
ive been in memphis for 30 min and I just went to get some food and literally have already met one of my high school bullies i hate it here
(1)YA realistic fiction about a girl, Carolyn Samuels, who feels uncomfortable about her body, yet wants to be popular and a cheerleader. She is being bullied by Jennifer Taylor, aspiring gymnast since middle school. First day of high school they are paired for a math project
Honestly. We had a lot of meanies and bullies in secondary school. Makes me wonder where we learnt all that hate. I mean, we were just kids. Nah, it just wasn't nice at all. It wasn't.
the funniest thing of 2020 is the girls i graduated high school with who bullied me relentlessly started adding me on social media again because i’m cooler than them and they’re boring with their fat husbands and kids :/
Kaitlynn Bennett honestly just seems like one of those weird horse girls from middle/high school that got bullied so now she’s asserting herself onto the world out of low self esteem
not to be that girl but it's funny to see people wearing "dog" chokers and chains when i spent all my middle and high getting bullied for wearing those
You are sounding like one of them bullies from when I was at school. Be carefull dude!
When the girls who bullied me in high school for being alt hit me up and ask where I get my clothes and tell me how cute I am. LMAAOOO I don't need your validation my dude
Not really all schools need "NOC" from DEO States can bully
i would go to school if this was the bully
Getting paid on both sides. Bill G literally dismantled an African e-learning recycled PCs for remote classroom pilot, thru bully tactics against ppl w/ literally no school. long before he left MSFT or formed gates foundation as tax vehicle / African neo imperialism project.
I got bullied all the way through school, in high school a bunch of girls would just go into class and knock me into walls, doors and tables you name it, someone told me to go kill myself, and even followed by a bunch of them, I go outside and I’m scared something will happen
i was buillied by a girl for a whole ass year in middle school &amp; i have no idea why, some dudes bullied me for being fat in high school (i had several manic attacks they would laugh and comment), and my mom for all the above and more
Theyre just doing their best ok also they look like my high school bully
remember FRESHMAN year of high school this girl got bullied on ask fm because she wore push ups bras LMFOAKJJAAAOOKD
4 important high school albums lol bully me https://twitter.com/modernistwitch/status/1287089709991317505
Lucifer is like "This is also my son. He was planned by all three of us. My son and my daughter upset? There is a PROBLEM." God forbid someone try to bully them when they are in elementary school lol
i’m pretty sure all my high school bullies are tik tokers now
@LATACO folding under corporate pressure after allowing me to be bullied by Blue Check Journalist who are high off jealousy and running a smear campaign @cerisecastle
Morrison really looks like the school bully
Who did they bully? School us.
Once your child go to school and his classmate bully him for what him moma do they might commit suicide
And of course we can see clearly these days who the bullies were in high school because they are still trying to beat up on the smart kids and push idiotic ideas. Akhm.... akhm... hydroxy... ahm... well you know who I meN.
leon believes in reverse racism and said he would racially bully me if we went to high school together #leonisoverparty
The diabetics will love this. Perhaps we could do something special for the blind... like a surprise trip to a rosegarden. Something for the elderly, like standing in the rain outside of concrete burial chambers, the runnaway train can use attention, bullies are raised in school.
In elementary and high school I was the brown girl. The dark girl. In 6th grade I was called a wetback by someone I thought was a friend. So when I was bullied about my skin color, I tried everything to rid myself of my Mexican roots. That accent I used to have? Gone.
Biggest plot twist of my adult life has been the preppy girls who bullied me in high school becoming EXACTLY what they bullied me for but like x10. Like the grungiest, arty, weed smoking, socially aware chicks. Y’all fake but you’re better off so keep on.
I’m also tall and this never happened to me but a girl in my sister’s grade was 6’ in 5th grade and she got bullied really bad for it. I think in high school she ended up going to online school because the bullying got so and (she was 6’4” at this point).
This Hispanic girl from my high school said she was bullied by black people because she was Hispanic and her skin wasn’t “brown enough” and I wanna let her know that they bullied her because she was weird, so she can be angry for the right reasons
I don’t remember this part that young, but I learned about the Holocaust in Hebrew school before public school. I do remember having bullies in Hebrew school &amp; they were the girls who had perfectly straight hair or were blonde &amp; freckled &amp; lacking the stereotype nose though.
[screams into pillow] i feel bad but i can't find it in myself to like hilda at all she reminds me so much of like every girl who bullied me in middle &amp; high school lol, especially w/ a lot of the ways she talks to marianne
States are required by law to educate your child and probably have at least one approved online programs in place already. Stop letting the schools bully your grandson. Take the control back.
Don't follow. BBC were forced into agreeing that any provisions for the over 75s would be their responsibility one way or another. That is not "agree to fund". From where? This whole thing is like the school bully telling some kid he agreed to stick his head down the toilet.
Somma grade 9’s, get out of my face I’d bully u at school
why do you deserve me to back down when you’re engaging in harassment against people all night but bet you’ve had Be Kind shouts all over twitter, you’re the exact school bully but mental health advocate type you are
Does your father know that you're dating men that used to bully him in high school ?
Rebecca Black Quits Middle School After Bullying http://t.co/Aq51ECt
the fact that in mid school i was “best friends” with my literal BULLIES proves that i am only here for validation
The same girls who bullied me for having big lips in high school are now over lining their lips with lipgloss to make them bigger
So scary that girls like this can become nurses. She definitely bullied other girls in high school
Big Boobs. A Thread. I had breasts before most of the girls in the locker room in 6th grade, and was bullied; I was groped in 8th grade, and by high school, I wore hoodies so people would leave me alone. That was a them problem that I internalized, falsely believing people would
Oh, so you were one of those school bullies, I see. Putting others down while not putting up any good ideas of their own is typical. An early morning minimum of two hours outside would be an example of a good idea.
It’s not even just dudes, girls who fucking bullied me IN HIGH SCHOOL are suddenly in my dms or under my pictures talking bout “omg you’re so pretty” girl fuck you
The high school bullies are getting their asses kicked. For very, very good reasons. Let’s keep ‘kicking’ them. Our families’ lives depend on it.
I got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents I was being bullied and we moved
Why is this so true. “Hey girl I’m sorry I bullied you in high school and gave you crippling anxiety because of it, but try this organic anti anging cream! ”
Ah yes, bullies in school ! I found that if ya stand up to a bully- they’ll usually leave ya alone !! Let em know that you’ll damn sure fight- they go away !! They’re cowards- they just wanna pick on someone easy
white girls in your insta DMs: hey girl! so I know we haven’t talked since I bullied you into having major body dysmorphia in high school, but I have a great opportunity for you! I know this sounds like a pyramid scheme lol but you’d get to be your own boss and the money is good!
I’ll bully the fuck outta trump supporters like they bullied me in high school for being brown
What is there to like about him? His handling of the pandemic? Trying to get rid of ACA and nothing to replace it? Overturning EPA regs to benefit businesses regardless of the potential harm it may cause? Being a bully? Name calling? Bounties? Kids must go to school? Endless list
So the cANCer and SAPoeS had to roll out the “tanks” on a few peaceful protesters....like a bully who picks on the smaller guys and avoids the bigger guys in the school yard
I got bullied really hard in high school for calling out some girls for cultural appropriation around Halloween and now I see the same people who bullied me posting stuff and I honestly don’t know how to feel
i was reading a thread on girls being bullied in high school on reddit and one person was like “there were always rumors i slept with people, i guess because i had a fivesome” like...oh...maybe that’s...
@SiR_MiNaJ ahaha! u call this bullying... no DUMMIE your the 4 yo, because your ignorant - look it up ;)
The thing about this netflix movie with the tall girl being bullied is the fact that it could actually be a good movie about body dysmorphia in high school, but they went in a whole different direction
Well, I was bullied from elementary through high school by this one girl. I never told on her though and just let it happen. One day, she got caught, and I lied to cover her. I kinda had to come clean about being a masochist...and she thought it was hilarious XD We still hang out
crazy how some grown adults still act like high school bullies praying for your children!
I wore a wig for medical reasons in high school and got bullied and the same girls who bullied me are out here having wig parties and just wearing them everyday in general
I wanna know why girls who bullied me in middle and high school be requesting to follow my insta. Like umm, no?
Absolutely tf not. Ya girl got BULLIED by a certain someones entire friend group. I legit wanted to kill myself most of high school.
"@CauseWereGuys: Going back to school sucks more dick than the hoes who attend it."
first screenshot: “i was a bully in my school years — a thread” second screenshot: “it looks like you’re proud being a bully” “yeah kinda proud” (i suck at translations but there you have it)
it’s all the same girls that bullied me in middle/high school too skdjdkdj oh how the turntables!!
FR, ballet is full of girls who would bully you in middle school for bringing foreign food to eat at lunch (speaking from experience)
A girl posted in a FB group today &amp; said she gets bullied in high school. People keep telling her she's a worthless sack of shit &amp; that everyone hates her. 13 people LAUGHED at her post. She asked for support &amp; got laughed at. That's how cruel people are. It really needs to end.
I'm not like other girls, other girls get high, drunk, or party I get bullied in school
my biggest flex is that i wasn’t a bully in high school
This one had upstairs and downstairs, and a basement. Two girls who taunted me in middle school were there. They actually bullied me for a moment but being that I didn’t want to ruin the lit party, I just walked away, and told my male best friend from high school what happened
I was raised anti-racist & colorblind. My best friends in 3rd and 5th grades were black. Until I got to high school and started getting bullied and beaten up by black girls who all hung around together and chose me as an easy target.
Bullies are so sensitive, aren't they? Notice how he lashes out like a grade school playground punk? It's all he has ... forever in defense mode. I bless his heart, too :-)
He sure has. Haha. Probably was a school yard bully. Probably a racist since then
100% prevented if people could’ve kept their damn rat mouths shut and didn’t bully people and left them alone. There are many accounts of the bullying being wreckless in CHS. That is what the school had reformed their view and helps bring their students together nowadays.
A girl who used to get bullied mercilessly during recess is now in a BFF appreciation story in her bully's ig, thanking her for being "by my side for over 5 years"?? i'm- ??? Was high school just a hallucination
Wow I’m proud to say I bullied this girl in high school
I have disliked people but I don't recall actually hating someone and saying hateful thibgs about anyone. Well I mean I probably have said some not very nice things but no one is perfect. But I've never intentionally hated on anyone. I'm even friends with my primary school bully+
I am thankful every day that the internet was not a THING when I was in school. I cannot imagine having to deal with school bullies 24/7. :/
watching people who bullied in me middle and high school have a really hard time as adults is so satisfying. Like this girl who used to bully me for being gay just posted a photo of herself cryin on fb saying her life is so hard and I just love to see it
Bill Barr was a bully in grade school and he never grew out of it. #BarrHearing
Doubt they ever will. Doing so would destroy the foundation the society’s built on. It starts from the private yochiens, through Juken. From Junior school they don’t change the system. It’s best to just think of it as schoolyard bullies all the way to the top.
My high/elementary school bully used to bully me about my house. And when she found out my fiancé committed suicide she told me to follow in his foot steps. She denies but I have the receipts on my old laptop.
Donald trump is like the girl that bullied you through high school, but is now asking you to support her “business”.
To see the queers/queens... reenacting the hierarchical structures of high school by becoming the popular mean girls they were bullied by the first time around and gleefully filling that hateful role within their own community.... i-..... im Janis Ian and this is my story.
By the way, Jose opened the page in order to get revenge on that girl from the pictures, who bullied him in high school. I felt bad for him as well.
he like the varsity bully of a school
does your anxiety skyrocket around teenage girls or were you not bullied in high school?
Joe Biden says a lot of stupid things but at least he will listen to the doctors and scientists and wouldn't bully the CDC into saying that schools should open.
wowww the girl who bullied me in high school really think there's nothing between us and we have good relationship
What’s crazy is the amount of girls you made fun of and bullied in high school but not it’s time to play the victim right ? Just apologize
THIS! I see this all the time especially on male football twitter where the same people there are often high school bullies
Let him choose a new school and don’t make him attend a school where he is being bullied. Yes bullies are everywhere but this is a cry for help. He needs a new start to thrive.
I am not black myself and even I who have gotten bullied and hit by a group of black girls in high school.have never, EVER spoken or felt superior to black people or any other race. I?have even gotten in to arguments with my own family for defending the black race.
And I got bullied by a girl in high school who is now a cop
@realDonaldTrump you cannot and will not bully schools into opening. Your political career is expendable, our children and teachers are not. So "touching" to hear you articulate that. Asshat
girls who bullied me in high school are weeds now and im cottagecore
Sir, thr r proofs now that she and her sisters were major bullies in school, bullied girls studied with them. Boyfrnds, uber driver, teacher, etc (thr r proofs) .The video she made on youtube was a drama to cover up her spreading of false info &amp; tried to play victim card.
I dont care if its elementary, middle school, high school or adult life. If you bully people you're the biggest pussy of all time. Also, I'm willing to run the most eclectic fade of all time behind this.
um, excuse me?? i find this very triggering. how dare you?? this name was used to bully me in middle school and i will NOT condone its use on my twitter account!! get OUT! OUT!
i love you all girlies who are so into girl power and supporting other girls but when i think about all the girls that bullied me in high school i’m like... some of y’all are lying
All these police officers are the guys in high school that never got play. or the nerds who got bullied on for being the class geek. Or the jock that hit girls
when the moms of the girls who bullied me in high school follow me on instagram but their daughters dont....opps
I rolled two inside of three hours. Sixth grade, the last day of school, I knocked out my school bully during lunch in front of God and everybody, in two hits. Then, I convinced my p̶r̶o̶u̶d̶ angry father to take to my friend's end-of-the-year party that afternoon. #natural20
Me crying cause a girl that bullied me and others in high school just got proposed to and Cait HASNT asked me yet
theres a whole fuckin comic about her going to the beach, staring at high school girls out of ~jealousy~ and then getting bullied by said high school girls bc their bfs were staring at her or something????? which she takes as??? a good thing???
He didn’t apologize. He wrapped his body in flag and family and said he couldn’t help but be passionate in his beliefs, beliefs that find it acceptable to bully and leave manners locked up back in nursery school
my girlfriend is a friend of the girl that bullied me in high school and i've already told her and she refuses to stop talking to her
I went too six different high schools because I got bullied. Really bad. One time to the point where some girl and her friends jumped me in the bathroom because they didn’t like how I looked. Sounds fair huh? So you can imagine how that puts a bit of a burden in someone’s mind
Mother brutally attacked by teen girls outside Bay Area high school in confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7.la/2R3k0SR
But yeah blue lives definitely matter those guys are so brave like when they’re the only ones armed to a teeth and ruthlessly beating unsuspecting pedestrians because they need to get back at those bullies from high school haha yeah fuck yeah America! Look at who’s tough now!
did i trip hit my head and fall into an alternative universe? Hatsune miku at coachella where all the cool girls I went to high school with who bullied me go?????????????
the girls who posted about #onedirection10years were the the type to bully me in middle school
this girl who is a trump supporter and also bullied me in middle and high school is really graduating a year early and going to law school kake it make sense
Abeeeeggiiiiii! Isn’t this the same as the guys who steady curved (GF or not), clowned, bullied etc a girl in high school now sliding in her DM post glow up and getting this same exact treatment? Now he’s an incel? Issokay.
Trump bullies public schools bec he knows very well their funding is totally dependent on the government. His threat to defund schools that don’t re-open only applies to them. Private schools seem excluded from his threat. His son’s school is not re-opening. Elitism @its best.
I do not like Donald Trump because mean people suck! He is every schoolyard bully that pissed me off in school. #WhyIDontLikeDonaldTrump
the girls that bullied me for being gay in high school have showed up on the girls side of tinder
high school mean girls: mental health is like, sooooooooo important!!!! be kind me: ok but you literally bullied me in high school and middle school, I was in therapy for yea- mean girl: ok but, did you practice self care? or pet a doggo
Out of this whole month 2 girls that bullied me in high school admitted they had a crush on me wth
period periodt girls chanting saying it over and over repeating it shouting in girls locker room carrie 2002 remake horror movie sitting on the floor of the shower bullied poor white girl crying upset humiliated high school yelling showering after gym class gym bathroom restroom
Wish I had the confidence of a girl who bullied me in junior high inviting me to like the Facebook page for her makeup blog
still thinking abt how this girl ghosted me bc she found out i dated someone who bullied her friend back when they were in high school
you know you are one of those mean girls. Probably bullied people in high school
girls who bullied me in high school are juices now and im liberal
The fact that I really let people bully me out of my black lipstick in middle school look at the material
His failed leadership from the biggest bully pulpit in the world has meant prolonging the pain for families, kids, health care professionals, businesses, everyone. It has meant that people are scared to go to a restaurant or visit grandma or send their kids to school. 7/
*gabbie hannah voice* THESE ARE BULLIES HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES
I knew an ass kisser in high school who always wanted his daddy's love. He never got it so he turned into a bully. Problem with that, he never expected that one kid he called fag to fight back. Fag 1, junior 0
HELP THIS READS LIKE THE “GIRL WHO BULLIED YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL SAYING HER WEDDING VOWS” VIDEO
Cowards, school bullies,......
@Only1WillStacks boy shutup lol. Why wasnt my williammm in school?! 😡
I was bullied most of high school. Im glad I was. Made me a much stronger person. I now see many of these same bullies advocate for the democrats with their purple hair and i realized how weak they became!
I know you well enough. The fact that you feel the need to comment on someone else’s relationship, making fun of her for how she feels about sex, tells me everything I could ever need to know. You’re a bully, the kind of girl who peaks in high school
tbh i don’t think he was really a “villain” i think his character was just trying not to disappoint his parents. he was more of the high school bully character
Further; it is my belief that every school in America has Bullies. They could very well weaponize the Virus; and, not really touch a Kid. Certain Kids would likely be targeted. No bruises now - - mind you! Just a shit-load of clothing W/Viruses. Dangers to those riding Busses!
Bitch, I don't care about your middle school problems! And I especially don't want to hear anything about it from you mother.
This couldn’t be more true. A few years ago I lost 55 lbs right before entering high school, and when I went back to school all of the girls who bullied me for being “fat” started telling me how I looked better and tried to be friends with me. It’s so sad that this is our society
i bet you anything that soon they’re gonna make a movie called “rich girl” about a high schooler who gets “bullied” because her parents are the owners of a major corporation or some bullshit
Shittygamertakes left after admitting that they bullied and harassed a high school girl.
Sophomore June could solve this murder if she wasn’t getting shut out of libraries, or chased by wild animals, or kissed her school bully. But the real obstacle is a curse blinding June to magic...and the killer’s motive. #SFFpit #CF #YA #LGBT
Dying my hair. In a school where your only expression is through your hair and accessories, they sure did bully you into thinking you were grown for wanting pink hair....if anything I’d look more like the loli my friends thought I was
1- i convinced myself that my best friend in middle school was my first crush but in fact it was on a bully when i was 8 so.. I DONT KNOW HER
There was a girl bullied me to no end in high school. I snapped and broke her nose with a thick math textbook. I got in trouble yet she started the whole thing by bullying myself and my friends
Remember those good looking girls at school who thought they could bully everyone and get away with it? #JaneGotJustice
Third, the constant "trolling" from Twitter. You see it all the time now. Jordan, Cotton, Gaetz, Graham. and a number of others who feel they have to weigh in like the perpetual 6-year-old toadies on a school playground, backing big bully Trump up 100%. And I keep asking WHY. /4
To juvenalize it a little, it gives the same feeling as when I got to high school and most of my friend group had moved away, and the people I ended up with were toxic and kinda merciless bullies, to the point where one actually apologised years later for her part in it.
This is a flashback to the rich spoiled bully in Grammar school at PS 6 81st street Manhattan in 1958 Crying when I stood up to him &amp; his friends did not back him up. Poor Humpty Trumpty
in school when people bully you or make fun of you you're taught that it's just words and that one day you won't have to deal with them but i still have so much self doubt and self hatred because of it
@nourishedschool I think the key thing here for me is that I was replying to this, i.e. somebody arguing that racist bullies should be kept in schools and even trying to imply the problem is adults.
This is just my memory from public schools. Kids in middle school already drinking doing drugs sleeping around you don’t think they’re not going to try to peer pressure and bully your kids into the same degenerate behavior? And esp if you are white and send your kid to majority
I was bullied all through school Luca, just keep looking forward and remember their is a life to look forward too after school when you can live your life bully free. Keep your eyes on the prize x
One of my bullys at school, ignored and let go by teachers... Laughed off by others.... Mr Evans "eight years in prison for Section 18 assault GBH with intent" Wonder if it would be different if we actually took a stance to stop bullies at school
2/2: Plus I get to smell like the girls who bullied me in high school so at least there’s that. Tropical Basic Bitch vibes all summer long baby.
oooo i can finally face my school bully with these! hahahaha
the girls who bullied the emos in middle school &amp; high school were the same girls who had “they say that love is forever, but your forever is all that i need” in their bios bc they thought it was a cute quote from tumblr
That’s frightening - and yet probably due to the American #NarcissistInChief’s condoning &amp; normalizing such behavior for the purpose of stirring up his base, like the school #bully! I can’t wait until our #COVIDIOT loses his podium
also america finds a way to make every single type of kid bullied for the randomest reasons in its fictions? or maybe it's just me who went to school with a bunch of tall girls and none of them ever got bullied over this?? esp in high school we had other shit to worry about w &gt;rt
Just reread all those posts, and this made me cry: “The only people I ever knew like my son Noah before were the bullies who made my life a living hell during school. It was inconceivable to me that these traits could exist in a person who I would love more than I can describe.”
I’ve always wanted to transfer school sa US because most of the movies that I’ve seen made me believe that the new kid always gets bullied and I just wanna have that “Try me bitch” moment in case someone actually tries to bully me.
heyy @AdelaineMorin &amp; @nikidemar , i just saw the “truth about” / E1 of adelaine’s mental health series. it was so moving and relatable for me. i had trouble my last year of high school with this one girl. she bullied me because of my disability.
Well i still get bullied. I’m in high school but ppl still do. There’s a girl that hates me( and i hate her too), i heard she said “she loves one direction it’s lame. She loves harry ew grow up” BITCH SHE’S THE ONE WHO WRITES SPIDERMAN GAY SHIP ON WATTPAD AM I THE LAME ONE?
Max obviously has a passion for imagination. He is also very introverted. We can see that this probably stems from his parent's rocky marriage at home. He is obviously lonely, between home and bullies at school, further encouraging his introvertedness
My fav part of your tweet is the nasty middle-school girl bully vibe it gives off.
Because they threaten to cut funding and resources if they come after them? You have to be a Grade A School Bully at the top of Politics. But don't hate the players, hate the game. Unless of course they turn into a Mussolini, Franco, De Gaulle, Corbyn, Sturgeon type dictator
Thing is most bullies in school are young, dumb and uneducated. What's scary is seeing people in their 20s and 30s acting like kids because of the most miniscule stuff. It's so easy to make a simple Twitter search and see grown ass adults send death threats and abuse, wtf
remember when i was bullied in high school cause people found out i kissed a girl the TRAUMA bro girls are so fucking mean and the GIRL WHO TOLD EVERYONE IS NOW A LESBIAN LIKE FUCKING HELL anyway yes i did kiss her the rumours were true what about it
gonna try to find my middle school bully on ig he was always ugly
Same experience - total bullies at my school
Lmao this kid was my high school bully how bout DONT
peak 01867 culture was when one of the girls who bullied me to the brink of suicide in middle school commented “smoking kills” on a picture of me holding a cigarette in high school
The girl on the left suffered from depression due to being bullied and made fun of all my life during middle school and high school. Instead of harming myself, I used the pain I went through and turned it into something positive. I started my business to promote healthy eating.
Yes. When I first started high school, I went to an all girl public school. But my elementary school was an all girl private catholic school so I was snob, pretentious, know it all, look at me I am A student they bullied them out of me
elementary: bullied for wearing glasses by a girl who, um, also wore glasses middle: sweaty pits high school: flat chest
The girls who bullied her in middle & high school were relentless. She quit softball, so they hated her. She joined Improv, got new friends and was voted Homecoming Queen her senior year. Queen Bully was runner up. I tell her she should write a book. If she did it, anyone can!
Only a small thing but I saw him mimic a disabled journalist. Only the dimmest nastiest school bullies do that
me when I see the girls who bullied other girls in high school talk about being bullied..
High school bullies. Sarah, just block them, they're not worth wasting your time.
I need me a girl that got bullied in high school and now she bad af.
I was the only coloured girl in whole school for 5 years of my high school life. All of people were white. ppl thought I was a muslim, alien and what not so I got bullied a lot even got spat at and thrown stone at Am in college now where it’s a bit diverse
She looks like every girl that bullied me in high school
I remember this girl in high school bullied me so bad for dating someone younger than me. Now she’s dating someone younger than her, who happens to be in his graduating class and it’s just so ironic right
2) i think it's something that's always been mentioned in media i consumed so i knew what it was for a long time before i got to play my first game with my friends in high school.. what REALLY got me into it tho was (pls dont bully me),,,, critical role :--)
It's my pleasure. I was bullied in childhood, because I was different too. One of the girls who made my life hell apologised to me, just before high school, and we've been friends ever since. We're so happy to be able to help you. xx
Y’all girls definitely got bullied in high school they trippin
I made a tinder just so i could swipe left on absolutely everybody except pretty girls who would have bullied me in high school
When I was at school, the football players were the dumb bullies who watched videos all day. Now I’m supposed to look to sports people as my political, social and moral compass?
all the mean girls that bullied me/others in middle/high school are nurses and I just.... are you gonna bully your patients too Brooke?????
What is up with horrible bitchy girls in high school friending the people they bullied when they turn 30? We became shitty and distant for a reason???
middle school bullies really hate me wow
//Okay, my pace is getting better. I only have dms from yesterday and today to reply to. Compared to having to reply to dms 2 weeks old, it's better. Love you all, my cute sluts.
Same. I was bullied on the bus when I was in middle school. It was a big high schooler who bullied me. My sister wasn’t on the bus when it happened but she reported the bully and made sure she didn’t bother me again.
Know who it does help? The family of the victim that was completely unrelated to the bullying he received at school. The kid he killed wasn’t a bully, wasn’t a transphobe, he was a hero. His family deserves real justice. And by your own admission there are millions of people who
stop thats my nickname at school that people always use to bully me :(((
so when i was in elementary this girl and her older sister bullied tf out of me and in high school one of them dropped out and now today her sister has her face plastered all over the news for her arrest
White antifa are like the bullies on the school yard.
These federal agents like to play army, but they're just a bunch of numskulls who never grew out of being the elementary school bully.
ACTUALLY IT JUST demonstrates how a bunch of girls named prancer, dancer, and vixen bullied the reindeer with bad skin...otherwise known as “reindeer games”.They must have been 14 and attending Reindeer Junior High!… https://www.instagram.com/p/B5sh1R7pM0d/?igshid=1pbd2yksnywor
ew why is gun/poop girl trending literally go away why do people actually pay attention to her? she is so annoying she is someone i would have bullied in high school
It's time to stand up these bullies with badges. In the streets, old school.
I was a dumb kid in middle school. I let the bullies pick on me. I had made 3 friends. 2 pretty rich and 1 dirt poor like me. We were a brand of brothers. They protected me. The 2 rich ones are still my friend. The poor one. I visited him today where he sleeps. Miss you my friend
That’s just sad, but on the bright side people at least didn’t bully them for it, all the people i know who’s gay basically all got bullied for it in school
The bunker boy thought he could bully the sates to reopen schools regardless of high coronavirus cases and deaths.
just remembered a girl I met in high school, she pretended to be an animal nearly all the time (sometimes a horse, sometimes a dog/cat) and she got bullied for it constantly BUT she was also really pretty so half of the attention she got was bullying and half was objectification-
hmmm i did go to school with this one guy who doesn’t shower in the morning, he would have dry spit at the corner of his mouth and i did bully him for that
Just remembering when this nursing girl literally bullied me about my weight in high school, joking with her buddies about my “obesity and diabetes”. yeahhhh I know she’s still local, I just hope she’s nicer.
Well i kinda care a lot about this shit because i just... I dunno i fucked off a lot of bullies from our old school and i hate toxic people?
In high school, he got contact lenses &amp; people realized his family owned most of the county. The same girls who’d bullied him wanted to date him. He dated them &amp; I guess they thought he was a “get as far as they’ll allow &amp; leave ‘em” kind of guy. But really, it was vengeance.
I’m rebranding this account to be a weeb acc now. I’ve been into anime since I was 5 and now I’m no longer ashamed about it. Fuck all the bullies in middle and high school. I love anime idc.
As you watch these a-holes, observe who they are. Young, white males(the guys nobody liked in school and the bullies) with too much testosterone who don't know their history, current affairs, or civics because they're not very intelligent. Hitler would have LOVED them.
you know someone from school could bully me but it would never do as much damage as a 7 year old insulting me....
also unsurprisingly, you checking up on a mean girl from high school who probably bullied you or whatever and talking shit about her on twitter yeah they weird they weird
i’ve been bullied all my life about my looks growing up but high school really hit hard bc i was INLOVE w this boy and he didn’t really say anything mean he just made me feel loved and wanted and left me for a different girl 3 different times
I disagree with many of Rep. AOC's issue positions, but she is 100% correct to have called out this behavior. The kind of personal attack made against her is not leadership. It is school yard bully tactics that have no place in government, or indeed anywhere.
*Based on a real story* Bully: *punches victim 16-17 times, which made him bleed in the eye, cheeks and lips* Victim(me): *defends himself* School: Aight, I'ma suspend you both, that's what you get for fighting Me:
If people bully me in school I’ll be able to flex my Twitter follower count and they won’t bully me because I’m too cool
i saw this girl get bullied on the stairs in high school and stopped dead in my tracks to figure out the issue. NEVER will i stand around and watch someone get bullied like this, let alone someone who is special ed. idgaf we will be fighting.
just linked with my elementary school bully’s brother, your dads next
We all seen a guy in our school days, where he always seated so silently in corner of class and everyone bullies him for no reason. You know why he was so silent there? Because he loves imagining things in his head. That guy was me! #Sam
Logic makes "one day I'll stand up to my high school bully" rap
this might be completely rude, but there’s something so satisfying about watching all the girls who bullied me in high school get fat while i just get hotter
Looks like a kid that would bully others in school.
he won't be able to afford to come home after the courts have finished with him, that's what you get for calling a muslim school boy a bully
i mean one of my friends is best friends with a girl who bullied me in high school. and that's just the way it is because we lead two separate lives now, it's her choice to include people like that into their lives
Oomfs i’m sorry I’m suddenly get so mad after seeing that thread. Don’t get me wrong i use to get bully and it even make me don’t want to go to school, BULLYING AIN’T A JOKE DON’T FUCKING MAKE YOURSELF FAMOUSE CUS YOU’RE BULLY, U SUCK ASS NASTY BITCH
Ah i see, its a high school drama. The title is i wont get bullied by girl. Its romcom hahah
I had dream where I ate popcorn kernels with my elementary school bully while watching a minions / Thomas the train movie mashup and now I never wanna eat again
what does your elementary school bully look like now?
love the girls I went to school with that absolutely cream over TBDITL/The 110 but bullied me in high school for being in band
Gw sakit hati banget sampe gabisa tidur dan nangis pas tau adek gw di bully terus terusan di sekolah! The amount of insults she gets at school were countless to the point where my dad threating the media and school reputation in order to PROTECT his PRECIOUS DAUGHTER
i remember one time one of my fps from middle school used to bully me mercilessly n at the end of one school year tore out all of the signatures i got in the back of my yearbook n then when i confronted her she refused to admit it even tho i watched her do it fnsbdbsb
Its like simps slaving over girls who would’ve bullied them in high school except in this scenario the Stacey k*lls your dad and forces you into debt slavery
There is racism in every culture... I was born in Jos Nigeria and when I came to the United States I experienced a lot of hatred and was bullied by black people. In high school I was harassed for “being white” and cursed at by a black girl... I love all races to this day...
when it comes to girls; I’ve always been bullied. But I learned to walk with my head high. And remain unbothered.
my immense hatred for hiyoko is because the group of bullies that traumatized me from elementary school until highschool was literally just like her in every single way
I was bullied early in high school a bit, church gave me people, people who acted amorous toward me, gave me confidence, and girls liked me; I avoided being an emasculated teen.
Woke up in the mood to bully little boys I went to high school with
@MozzyThaMotive gotta make the @XXL freshman this year or everyone retarded
tell me how tf a girl who bullied the shit out of me in middle &amp; high school and is homophobic is going into education ... doesnt sit right w me :/
To all the schools out there because you Neve notice the kids who do stuff for help or you just say they are attention seeking well done and for all the bullies you have in your school you can’t beat us because we have already one by That I mean you are jealous of my looks x
when i ran for spirit leader in 6th grade i memorized a speech + made plans for rallies, my only opponent was a bully &amp; gave a 15 second speech but she won because the teachers were happy that she was finally interested in school. I think that’s why I resonate with Bernie Sanders
bryce the same girls attacking you are the same girls who bullied me all throughout middle school. looks like some people will never grow up, what a shame to peak in high school lmao
Ohh, I remember when I got a girl pregnant in high school. I told my parents I was getting seriously bullied, so we moved. Lool
girls who bullied you in high school wake up at 6am to put on lashes for their psych 100 community college class then take the bus home
I remember in high school when some girls who bullied me, said I look like a sloth. Now I see sloths, and idk of those girls were bullying me or complimenting me? Because sloths are cute af??? So like?????
girl killed herself made 13 tapes on why she did it all was directed to somebody from high school -season 1 Season 2 dude was getting bullied by the same nigga from season 1 who made girl kill herself and they stuck mop up his ass and he went crazy tryna kill the football team
All the mean girls from high school that bullied people are now nurses for some fucking reason
So are most the pros. Great to be a bully in high school. Still need to show he has better than above average in college. Not impressed.
I hate bullies! Don’t care where they come from. I’ve lived with bullies my whole life in school etc and it made me so depressed and friendless. Social media is just as bad
Trump is going to make fun of him because he’s forever a high school bully
I did talk to this one kid on the way home sometimes but when I was at that school I can't remember talking at all I was very shy and passive let people talk down to me and be mean to me, that's why I cried so hard in the bathroom and let the girls bully me and make me lose
Also: I was bullied throughout high school. I was picked on for the way my face looked, how short I was (and still am!), and how I wasn't as skinny as the other girls. It took 10 years for me to realize that none of that matters, and anyone who says otherwise can go shove it.
Au: Avani, the popular girl in high school; Charli the nerd bullied by Avani, who is in love with nerd deep inside, maybe their paths were meant to cross... @lilpapivoni @charlidamelio
What got you bullied is what made me popular. I always had the latest books, comics and magazines, therefore all the girls always wanted to borrow them, basically the school's 2nd library. I was in Primary school and my books were circulating amongst the seniors in High School.
yesss girl do that! honestly i unfollowed most people from my high school and also sum who bullied the shit out of me like last year and my energy is just so much lighter like....... bad vibes get off of me INDEED
I remember my homie dated this girl in high school. Monna, homie was romantic. Everyday he'd bring the girl sweets, presents and walk her home. Obvious we losers bullied him for it. Even stole his presents. But man kept pushing till baby girl broke his heart...
in the mood to cyber bully some high school girls
I’m a mom of a 19yo.AOC spoke for my daughter.1st time she was called b was in middle school for standing between bullies at the bus stop &amp; a boy who didn’t dress as gender specific as them.She impresses me every day.She is not the extrovert of the family,but she is a warrior.
this is petty but one of the girls who bullied me in high school has a super ugly baby :)
Of course it is. School, girls, bullies. Spider-Man is more focused on in Homecoming, but Peter’s life is still focused on in HC.
im shaking. the way he sits is like a whole school bully
What I mean by “the good ones” is that some teachers are mentally unfit to teach kids. In elementary school I got called names by teachers. In middle and high school I got mean spirited nicknames by teachers and coaches. They were nothing more than bullies.
I was bullied in high school by a girl. You know what my Amma said? IG: joshmadj
lrt I just remembered the time when after a multiple year period of being bullied and ostracized I got a single compliment from a girl in high school and oh whoops where did all these tears come from ha ha
They said I had “Overly Sensitive Child Disorder” when I was a kid. Because I cried a-lot because I was bullied all the way up until Sophomore year of High School
If Tina Faelz, had not been Bullied at school or on the bus, by, "White Privilege" girls, she would still be Alive today. Where are the women, Today, that Bullied her in high school? I'm sure they continued living their, "White Privilege", Lives!
A girl who bullied me in high school just said “We can agree to disagree! Love and light ” because she got triggered that I indirectly said her protest photo op was in bad taste. Lmaooooooo the nerve I hate it here
In my last 2 years at secondary school, my PE teacher was also my art teacher. I hated PE because it was an excuse for bullies to throw things at and hit me. He allowed me to spend my PE periods working on my GCSE art and I'm still thankful to him for the escape.
Honestly???? When I was in school, I'm pretty sure I had at least two bullies (I moved around a lot so I went to like 7 different public schools lmao) who were uncomfortable they had a crush on me so they bullied me.
apartment shopping the moment we get back to school bitches @8riTTany_BetcH @Nat3lz
My wife once got in trouble for standing up (literally, she just stood up) to her bullies in high school. These bullies were male jocks. They are lucky I didn’t go to her school or that I knew her. Reason she was bullied: she was a quiet girl.
This girl bullied me in high school also, just continue to be you, in time it will pass. Bullies are miserable people, usually jealous or missing something out of their lives. You are a handsome smart kid. Talk to your sister, I promise this too shall pass
Why would he get clowned in high school for win ? Y’all acting like this lil dude won’t be swinging on mofos for clowning him . Y’all must’ve never heard Russ wasn’t always the nice guy he is today . He used to bully mofos .
Then the whole server was on her side and every one bullied me! The girl's username is The_RoseBed and her friends: XxPhoenixNkvera5 and Awsome_Sylar2019! Idk what was her problem but I was really annoyed! I may quit royale high because I cant deal with toxic kids anymore!
What is the difference you don’t need to say a damn thing to a supporter. It’s none of your business who or why they support them. Keep your asshole comments for whoever you don’t support and leave everyone else be quit being a damn bully this isn’t high school
I'll tell you what I know. If I had punched in the face just one of the girls who relentlessly bullied me in junior high, yes, maybe we would've fought and it would've gotten ugly, but the bullying would've stopped after that.
People bagging on the “Tall Girl” movie. Look just because you didn’t see bullying doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. I was bullied as a kid for being tall and after I hit high school it lowkey stopped because the people who bullied me finally grew. I wouldn’t say I was oppressed
Y’all didn’t know gay dudes got hands they’ve been fighting school bullies since kids *low-key*
I really let myself be bullied into straightening my hair and begging my mum to let me dye it every day in high school by bitchy girls with flat greasy hair and men whose only personality trait was trying to date the popular girls huh... the shame i feel in my past self
SC - CJI is acting like school bullies.
Agreed. Kawaii (cute) culture for adults is pretty normal in many parts of the eastern world. (Japan for instance) It’s the west that shames anyone over 4feet tall for wearing cute stuff. I wonder how many girls get bullied out of the cute stuff they love in JR high by peers.
@dick_nixon Sir, you know what Jim Jordan is? He’s the snot-nosed brat in school who hangs out with the bully and does his bidding because he thinks it makes him look cool.
When you and your friends build up enough courage to fight the school bully but he stronger than you expected
She looked and sounded like the girl who bullied and outed me in high school. I did not text her afterwards.
Republicans act like high school bullies trying to impress each other.
I know how the girl feels. I'd been bullied by a bunch of boys when I was in elementary and jr high. But the huge difference between me and this girl is I fought back those bastards with all my might. Yes, I punched and kicked them back, even I lose in the end.
This is so disgusting i was bullied so much back in high school. Those girls when tbey see me now act like I'm their friend ans everything is okay.. I still hate em to this day
i didn’t get bullied throughout high school for having a crush on pennywise just for all these vsco girls to be on his dick now
They being bullies! HIGH SCHOOL F***ING BULLIES!- Gabbie Hanna
//i feel like a savage i just hacked this account of this mf in our school who basically bullies the fuck out of everyone, posts their nudes, leaks their private message, yadda yadda.
Niggas be looking like high school bullies ganging up #bbnaija
max piss is the name of my secondary school bully
i just find it funny that the girls who bullied me for being ugly in high school have rlly bad make up skills now nd just.... yeah i think karma does exists
Lolzz there us nothing mentioned in the Quran about this. This shows your ignorance and hate filled mentality you have now resorted to lying omg. That is enough no need to engage you any further
I'm so sorry to confess this but I was bullied and I was also the bully in middle school:(I'm sorry to anyone I bullied I was a kid sorry:(((
Ever wonder what happened to that bully in school?
I took a photo at a wrong angle of my friend and a few girls and posted it. Blurred out the faces too. Got attacked in dm. Pulled the photos. I'm in high school. Like bruh. That photo right there is all over the internet, I'm waiting for that drag queen to be bullied off the net.
this little girl bullied my sister in high school, she also happens to be my neighbor, &amp; now her dad is giving my family problems! LUCKILY her boyfriend cheats on her all the time so I don’t have to deal with her karma, BUT I’m coming for the rest of the family
all the girls that bullied me in middle/high school are now psychology majors and have the same classes as me aha ha i rly hope none of you try to be therapists/counselors
I bet you're a Labour supporter, goes to protests, smokes around children, was a school bully, regularly take drugs, an alcoholic, voted remain, live on a council estate claiming benefits but still own a BMW. How many have I got right, loser?
PE was horrendous. My PE teacher in high school was a total bully which ended up with him getting sacked for hitting a kid. Kids shouldn't be mollycoddled but they also shouldn't have their confidence destroyed because they don't run as fast as the other kids.
I get mildly offended anytime I see a meme about how nursing majors were always the mean girl in high school but then I remember that I was the one bullied
when the girl y’all bullied in high school gets her changes reverted smh
didn't even like me, and I was bullied a lot. I went through many awkward stages of my life. I only had two good friends who would soon ditch me when we hit high school. It wasn't until I hit high school, that I developed from the awkward girl to suddenly all attention was &gt;&gt;
I have a sad story.Today I was having a conversation with this 15 year old boy who told me he gets bullied in school and kids tell him he...
Reminds niggas of they high school bullies
She was a bully at school &amp; still acting like a fat bully.....
I wasn't a bully, nor was I bullied at school. Until high school, when I found good friends, I was invisible. I was a kooky person with kooky ideas and I asked questions of my teachers that they frequently couldn't answer. No one wanted to be associated with me. Lol. Why? I'm me
I never was a bully type of girl in high school I always hung with girls who fought a lot and I did too but I was always more protective of the people who are being bullied.
lol good you deserved it.
Union City woman on her way to the principal's office at James Logan High School to report that her daughter was being bullied says she was brutally attacked on campus by two teenage girls https://www.sfgate.com/local/article/Mother-bullied-daughter-attacked-at-Union-City-14965661.php
I was bullied in school. My solution was always to tell the teachers 3 times, and if by the third they still did nothing, to just stand for myself and punch the bullies. They never bothered me after that.
Do you constantly think that you're being watched through all your technical devices by the people who used to bully you in middle school and thus feel completely uncomfortable and embarrassed about everything you do all the time or are you normal
The same girls that are posting ‘in a world where you can be anything, be kind’ are the same bitches that bullied you in high school
I used to be bullied in high school now I'm the cool girl at the party...strange how things change
I was bullied by this one girl through high school, she made me so unhappy and one day I even took a knife to school with me. I saw her recently over 20yrs later and she couldn't look me in the eye. And do you know I wasn't bothered by her one bit.
y’all girls from my high school bullied our history teacher off of Facebook bc he was posting hella racist shit and he’s a known conservative and trump supporter AHSJJFF
If you're 26 still talking about "these girls would have bullied me in high school" let it go. Y'all were 15.
Anshul, no way. He reminds me of a guy I used to bully in school. A rich bitch omg he was adorable but lmfao
Was just having this talk with my son. He’s starting to have to navigate political bullies at summer camp/school - I’m genuinely worried for his safety. The videos of 5 kids beating the shit out of 1 white kid - that’s the new reality. Vote like your life depends on it in Nov.
This is a girl who bullied me in high school cuz she gay
And i meant to appreciate their natural beauty,and also i don't see any good in copy paste noses and lips,+ i saw a high school girl who recently went through lip job ,what for?? Maybe someone bullied her or made her feel she is not good enough with small lips??
BUT if a parent chooses to homeschool their child bc the school chooses to NOT implement mandatory masking its because that parent is "scientifically sophisticated"? Spare me the bullshit! I am so fed up w/ libs trying to bully everyone into having the same ideals as they do.
Only two things matter here: (1) that I am currently out of the league of all the boys who ever bullied me and; (2) I am about 80% done with becoming prettier than every girl I went to high school with
girl that used to bully me for liking 1d in middle school posted a harry meme on her instagram story...... it’s getting very weird
Treating people with kindness too! The girl who bullied the CRAP out of me in high school did a suicide prevention hotline fundraiser on Facebook for her birthday this year... the irony i—
You are wrong. The reason for school shootings is the guns you guys sell at every wallmart with no background check. Bullies exist all over the world, yet school shootings only happen in the US..
Bill Barr is that super smart, chubby, nerdy kid we all went to school with who was cool AF and never let anyone bully him. Honey Badger.
How did “13 Reasons Why” go from “high school girl commits suicide after being bullied and blamed for her rape” to “high school students raping and killing each other and somehow this is still tied to the original storyline” ..... I’m just very confused.......
Today's dem show lead by dumbo was absolutely the most disgraceful display of school yard bullies. AG Barr was treated with the worst possible disrespect. The rest of the world must be laughing at the lunacy going on in our nation's capital.
I taught my girls to embrace their uniqueness, to think for themselves, to think outside the box, to not be cattle, and they were bullied. My oldest daughter ate lunch by herself all four years in high school for being different, my youngest is dead. I am educated.
Unfortunately, I have an extremely good memory for the circumstances that have happened to me. In short, high school for me was hell. I was perpetually getting bullied by other students, not to mention tripped, spat on, beaten up a few times, called queer, pussy, and girl.
my middle school bully just posted an insta pic and he's UGLY. the amount of joy i feel rn
He's basically the high school bully but he made a name for himself
I look like a school bully. Jeez. I was the nicest of all kids. My brother looks like a Neta Jee in that outfit. Super adorable. Good times. Nya (grandma) was alive.
Hey Girl! I know we haven’t spoken since I bullied u in high school LOL! But you can be a #GIRLBOSS and join my team! Just send me a $666.69 one time fee in minutes from Ur phone and get ur YASSSSS QUEEN STARTER PACK!!! love u talk soon!
It’s so funny seeing people/ teachers From my high school tweet about “The black lives matter movement” when they literally bullied me for being the only black girl at our private school . Carry on tho and keep spreading awareness/ protesting. #BlackLivesMatter
Adam “ Pencil Neck” Schiff is the guy that ate alone in the lunch room in high school. It wasn’t because he was bullied. It was because he was so obnoxious and such a liar. The girls couldn’t stand him and neither could the guys. Vote this liar out of office. TRUMP 2020
Im actually way to old to be bullied by a bunch girls who act like they’re in still in high school
forgiveness is difficult it took ages for me to forgive a bully a faced in school
i’ve told you all. she’s a bully. a high school fucking bully.
Logged onto Facebook for the first time in 2 years. The first thing I saw was a girl that bullied me in high school preaching girls supporting girls. Time to log off for a few more years
Why tf did I dream that I was a police officer being bullied by a high school girl
they’re pretty, come from big non profits, and use buzzwords that make them sound revolutionary when in real life they’re the mean girls that bullied others in high school
Wowwww it’s sad to know that the girls that knew I was sexually assaulted in high school took me as a joke and bullied me in high school...smh...now they wanna talk about their story...it’s so sad but Im grown and pray for all the victims that were sexually assaulted.
Love seeing the girls that bullied me in high school lookin bad
I actually went to a predominantly white elementary and middle school. There was only about 10 black kids in the school and they used to bully me so much for having “good hair” and hazel eyes that I actually grew up afraid of my own people.
Bitch you bullied me all through high school and have the audacity to hand me a fake ID and tell me it’s real.... no one in our class was born in 96.... no I’m not serving you liquor and risking my job for some mean girl who never grew up.
Would you say that to the school bullies? And should this be how everything operates? At the barrel of a gun, and on the revenge of vigilantes? Should most of the population die because of your revenge fantasy?
It’s a bad one. TLDR of this TikTok: invite a lesbian to your sleepover, you will be sexually assaulted. That’s fucking horrible. I was bullied and harassed bc of this sort of mind set all through middle and high school bc of immature assed girls who thought shit like this.
Kante looks like the guy you could bully into doing your homework at school
I truly genuinely hope from the bottom of my heart that all the girls who bullied me &amp; were mean to me throughout Elementary-High School GET FAT &amp; UGLY idc I said what I said
Don’t want to comply? Good! Bye! I love my freedom 2,but protecting others is something that everyone should care about. These same people have no problem telling you what u should do with u’re body but when their “freedom” is threatened, they act like school room bullies.
This is definitely me. Pretty much my entire school career I was bullied and felt like an ugly reject. Now I’m just the ugly adult. But girl you are absolutely stunning, just imagine what your bullies must look like now. Keep your head high.
Like at a certain point it boils down to social norms more than laws; sending death threats to perceived transgressors is community bonding for the in group; that’s why the girls in high school bullied me that way too. Restricting free speech is not gonna change group dynamics
Do you know how much children don’t give a shit, and it’s not about bigots, I wouldn’t want to come to school to see a nigga looking at my mom riding a dildo? I was over bullied for my height alone. You telling me a broken home bully ain’t gon do the same after seeing my mom fuck
I'd ask the same but I would viciously bully myself from elementary school so his opinion doesn't matter
Best friend in primary school’s mom married him, he taught me Karate, he let the other kids bully me, and he always came to our house to cry on my moms shoulder when he argued with my pals mom SKSKSKSK
The girls who bullied in high school now sell it works lol
This Neo go be bully for secondary school
just wanna say thank you to all the girls and boys who bullied me in school and called me ugly, y’all the real heroes i’m hot and have thick skin now thank you i appreciate you peaking in high school
Anime where school bully steals everyone’s lunch money, presumably just to be a bully, but it turns out she’s a yandere who wants to get fat and be the only fatty in the school so she can win over the protag’s affections
My father was a violent and unpredictable bully. I dreaded holidays- especially public holidays where both school and library were closed. Terrifying to be cooped up with him for days at a time.
children can be literal demons but someone being a middle/high school bully does not at ALL mean that they are inherently bad or that they acted that way for the sheer joy of it and most importantly it does not at all mean that they are gonna be the way they were then forever
watching the girls at my school call me ugly , (i never thought i would get bullied in high school)#Why
I’ll never understand girls who bullied people in high school but then want others to stand with them when they speak against bullying. bitch fuck you and your opinions
All the girls who bullied me in high school do copious amounts of cocaine and are all miserable who really won here
I was that girl who bullied others for playing with dolls that weren’t monster high and I had like 3 monster high themed birthday parties-
I mean at least 2 girls from middle school who used to bully me are now studs. &amp; have sent me friend request. Should I be flattered?
Frankie and Peaches help Ruby, the new girl at school, find the courage to be herself and stand up to bullies. The Pancake Girl is an inspirational story that shows how a small act of kindness can make a big difference in someone's life. #KidLit https://amzn.to/2YvUF7d ➤➤
Alexandra, you're under this odd misimpression that the governments of man are like the mean girls who bullied you in high-school. And that's just not the way the world works.
So apparently in high school, I got so good at making bullies think that I was okay with them bullying me, it’s carried over to my current issue of being bullied at work by my cleaning partner. This girl is RUDE as fuck. We have are moments and ~generally~ get along-
I've never seen such weird presidential ads. Trump's are literally the school bully being like "oh, look at this silly photo if Biden. Biden bad." Then Biden ads are just like the coolest guy in school. "hey, come on. Vote for me. It's me. You know me. I'm the guy. Also...Obama."
in jr high this girl bullied me because I had a healthy relationship with my dad LOL
Can tell he was bullied at school and now trying to be the bully Ha ha ha ha just hasn’t got it couldn’t fight sleep
the girls who bullied u in high school and then becoming nurses but have no people skills need to choke.
To those thin-thighed girls who teased me in high school when I was using my muscles to run track &amp; bullied me because I wore men's 501s, guess who can carry a water bottle between her knees while she's rollin' around in her wheelchair w/ a broken ankle, bitches? #teamthickthighs
I got bullied in middle school and high school just for liking and playing video games. I’m a woman. I was a girl back then in my school years, and everyone thought it was weird for a girl to play video games because it was labeled as a boys only thing. I was teased a whole lot.
HIGH SCHOOL FOOKING BULLIES
just found out the girl who bullied me in high school is working the front desk of the cache valley probation office hahahahahah fuck you im living the dream making less than minimum wage at a coffee shop bitch!!!! #karma
Park middle school bully reformed lol
just because you ate lunch in the toilets and no girl ever looked at you and you were picked last in every pe lesson and got bullied for your anime shirts in high school
Grow up. Texas is in ruins because of your guy and you're acting like a school bully.
girls who have all of the 'dreamies' on animal crossing are the girls who bullied you in high school #acnh
All the girls who bullied me in high school are fat now, and married to guys with receding hairlines,
Knowing how many of the girls that bullied me in high school are nursing majors is absolutely terrifying
just matched with one of the girls who bullied me out of my first high school and caused me to take an entire year off and repeat a grade can’t wait to ghost her &lt;3 xoxo
okay so for context, lisa is a friend of mine who sorta gets bullied by some other girls cuz "ShE's KoREaN", "xi jingpin xDDdDDDDDd" and "hAahahahaHaa weeb lolololl why is ur voice so high lmaooooooooo", like bruh ur 17 or 16 the fuck is wrong w u
#BullyBarr is obviously an old school bully. He changes his facial expression with each adversary in the #BarrHearing. Watch how very expressive he looks, how demeaning, how insulting he can be! #BillBarrIsCorrupt Never would want to meet this dude. He doesn't belong in a church.
linkin park's first album hyped me up to the point where i could finally stand up to my middle school bully still got my ass beat but in the end
Cdragon Bully game D99 Game Home TV 8 FC Yellow Game Card Double Handle Nostalgic Classic Games For Collection Old School Style
Isn’t this just the prettiest ⁣ ⁣ Pre-order Alert ⁣ ⁣ Devious Kisses, the first steamy bully romance standalone in an all-new series, It’s Just High School is now up for preorder!⁣ ⁣ Devious Kisses by… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDBoOezg48C/?igshid=1ubnbobiy976c
I don’t but my best friend does. She hates it & has been getting rid of it since she was bullied terribly when we were in middle school &amp; high school for it. She doesn’t want biological girls &amp; one of the reasons is because she wouldn’t want them to be bullied &amp; tormented too
They really are weak ass punks. Their the idiots that got bullied in school, but didn’t have the balls to stand up to the bullies. Now their going to show the world how tough they are by attacking a Starbucks. All you can do is laugh at them.
Hhhh I went to school with a few. It’s weird how big of a superiority complex they have. “People bully us because we like kpop.” Maybe if you weren’t annoying about it people would leave you alone
It warms my heart seeing the girls who got bullied in high school thriving in life y’all deserve it x1000
He's so annoying. He shouted GUESS WHAT?? at least 7 times in his opening statement. Sounds like a middle school bully.
JSJSJSJS Its bc ive been going to an american school since i was 11 !!!!!!! Ur english is still rly good as well!!!
My two claims to fame are that Josh Peck reposted a picture of a life size cutout of himself with my brother (it was a Christmas gift) and that I have a tiktok comment with over 4000 likes. Sorry high school bullies, I won.
My daughter was bullied throughout school. Brighter than her tormentors &amp; certainly more unique, she got a 1st at uni and is a hugely gifted individual. Please teach your son to stand up for himself bc she didn't. She still wears the scars. Bullies=cowards who pick of the weak.
yes very true rare pimcture of alex nexgem and borgar pulling up to bully cancer patients in school
Ironically the guys didn't bully me alot (not to say none did) it was mostly the girls :/ idk why they just thought I was strange I guess??? Once I got into high school tho I wasnt bullied that much :0
When you are in pain and have zero tools to heal, you harm and inflict pain on others. You become a bully in the classroom, on social media and the boardroom. This is why self-awareness and mindfulness is so important for schools to incorporate within their curriculums.
Seems he was this way as a cruel schoolyard bully. His father was obsessed with sex slaves as a director of a girls school... Daddy Barry gave Epstein keys to the kingdom - a pedos hunting ground!
The way people got they ass beat in school by bullies like thats so unfortunate but im built different
..... the male version of rachel but a tad more tolerable, when he broke kurts heart he broke mine too, got with kurt’s high school bully for what ????
Yikes! I was bullied from elementary-highschool for being taller than all the other girls. You may not remember it but that shit happens everywhere. My brother was bullied in jr high for being shorter than all the guys and a lot of the girls. PEOPLE GET BULLIED FOR THEIR HEIGHT
Anyway, the other girls saw me as a weird person due to me feeling attracted to another girl. Got bullied the last 2 years on high school because I was a lesbian, underweight, emo, nerd, you name it and they probably called me out for it. MBO was a much better time for me though.
How’s a girl that called me fat in high school, bullied and put me down to the point I thought I was worthless just put up a massive post about loving natural beauty and “everyone should be themselves” are you JOKING everyone’s thinkin she’s a hero and that and I’m just like
Republican pre-law college girls just screams “bullied people in high school, but still went to church on Sundays”
Hi Luca, I was bullied at school. I know it’s not much consolation now but when you’re older you’ll be able to look back with no regrets, knowing you kept your dignity. Whereas the bullies will look back in shame &amp; embarrassment. Keep telling people &amp; get help where you can. xx
everytime I see a straight girl who bullied me in high school for being different post that they’re an enneagram type 4 I die a little inside
Well some of the guys on my team are the former football jocks at my old high school, unfortunately I’m a weak 5,5 guy an these guys are big an strong. They bullied me a lot an so did the popular girls
P5: All the adults are assholes
they'll never admit it but that would explain so many people on here tbh lol. it's like geek dudes growing up to be assholes and bullies when they were bullied in school.
What I’m going to say to the bullies in high school
All these people who refuse to let him answer are Bullies. Now we know why bullies exist in public schools. #BarrHearing
I got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents i was getting bullied and we moved
Yeah, sure. Like the school playground bully he keeps telling us how tough he is. It’s pathetic, demeaning and unworthy of any sovereign nation.
as someone who used to be bullied very often i still remember when those junior high girls used to hit me with nets and shake trees filled with wasps when i was around
everyone saying Blair was their favorite character in gossip girl as if she wouldn’t have bullied you to the point of trying to kill yourself in high school
city living is going out once and bumping into your best friend, your ex-lover, your secret crush, your other crush, the guy who bullied you in high school and the girl you hate on the same day
Lol watching the girls that bullied me in high school still watch my snap from their subscriptions is confusing as hellll block meeee!!!!!
@MeatSauce1 was a bully in high school
My middle school bullies just passed by the home w ana f el shobak f i entered v quick look the bitch still afraid from the insecure bullies kosom mahmoud
Y’all bullied me in junior high and high school now you’re begging for my nudes and “a chance to treat me right” man fuck outta here
When you were in Middle school or high school. How many girls you saw teased and bullied because they were gay?
Yeah, we're "united." Sure. Experts are calling for the entire country to be shut down again to halt the surge in cases... Meanwhile, morons throughout the land crow that masks take "their freedom" and Trump tries to bully school districts into opening.
I got bullied in middle school for wearing filas bc they weren’t trendy and the same girls who made fun of me walk around in dirty chunky filas and act like they r high fashion
I remember one time in like 8th grade I posted a lot on Instagram in one day and one of the “popular” girls made a tweet about me and I got bullied for it for like 4 months. What the fuck was high school
"so like just use words you know"....hmm I just got triggered...During my teen years I had Puberphonia, basically I had a high pitched girly and got bullied bad for it, and always mistaken for a girl on the phone, so I took to the habit of not speaking much...
A lot of the time cops be dudes who got bullied in high school got rejected by girls so that “chip” on their shoulder be having them ready to prove their toughness. Of course, there’s the racism too. 6 lil months of training &amp; those kind of ppl get a license to kill.
#JusticeForArka June 20th, 2019. Arka went to school and realized that his bully had lied. The switch belonged to another kid, and possibly was stolen. Arka invited this kid to his house after school, and returned him the switch.
I would not bully you I was on my schools academic decathlon team and I’m known as the political nerd girl by most of my school.
The problem with the school and the PE set I was in (bottom) was that they put all the overly aggressive bullies in with the nerds that just weren’t good at sport (me) and the teacher just watched whilst they destroyed us.
Every time I see y'all talk about people being bullied for liking anime, I really appreciate how most kids in my middle/high schools were pretty chill. Anyway I lent a cute girl my copy of Final Fantasy 13-2 once and she said she preferred the first game and I was like, "Word."
I also have a very vivid memory of skipping gym class to watch sailor moon so anybody who bullied me during high school probably did it justifiably so because I was really just that annoying girl who spent way too much time on tumblr
tik tok just cements the reasoning for believing all the girls that bullied you in high school went into nursing
ew these are the kind of boys the girls that bullied me in high school ended up w
To be fair to Warren, she also sounds like the girls who bullied me in elementary and high school too
she needs to cut her hair. she's a horse girl that didn't get bullied in high school.
Was a bully in school got expelled
not the girl who bullied me in high school following me on instagram
i feel like noel would bully me if we went to school together idk why
I think to all the young Karen who are in school. Bullies search all excuses for bulling. I was bullied I survived but sadly not everyone survived.
I just love seeing these bullies post about how much they LOVEEEEE ass now when they ridiculed me in school for it lol it was all “god damn! Your ass is huge! You’re all ass, wow!” And making weird/grossed-out gestures? I was an athletic basketball and volleyball player? LOL
the girls that bullied me in high school for having 'lesbian hair' will be the same girls showing up at pride and harassing drag queens because they think it's a party for their performative 'allyship'
Story Time: So I must have link up with this guy (Raj) from high school that we use to sort of bully back then and he said he shoots music videos and he wanted to shoot one of my tracks so I said okay sure… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDB4A89KZnN/?igshid=1aqi7uyjk0nv9
i went to high school in the regional gay capital of australia and you better believe the school was THE most homophobic, unsafe place i've ever been to i was bullied relentlessly bc i said i'd kiss a girl FOR A MILLION DOLLARS jokes on them i kiss girls for free now
pls can the girls who bullied me in high school stop following my instagram after i deleted them from my life.thank you
I got bullied up until high school. Never once had a real friend to talk to or hang with. I was always the wired or crazy girl. I ended up trying to commit suicide a few times myself. Bullying is no joke i ended up dropping out of school cause of it.
girls getting horny over anonymous guys now but probably have bullied them and called them creepy weirdos for trying to sit next to them during lunch breaks in high school lmaoo
watching timm and ciarran remind me of high school bullies #BachelorInParadiseAU
but why i hold so much remorse for my homophobic middle school bullies?they were on to something
I hated school, I hated that specific school, I hated how bullied I was and that people who claimed to be my friends didn’t protect me - why I’m not really friends with anyone from high school. I wish I didn’t stick with some girls because we went to the same church.
If the bully calls you fat or stupid. Take a step back and ask yourself, "am I fat?", "Am I stupid?". Bullies can only see people at a surface level. Don't make excuses! If you are fat, hit the treadmill, weights etc. If you struggle in school, read a book. #pathlesstraveledby
the “spiritual” wh*te girls who bullied ppl in high school n college
Probably was a high school bully and applied for the only job he was still qualified to do.
okay i’m in the mood to write.. so i was thinking a m!nsvng au where j!sng is the troubled kid at school, not a bad boy but just cold and fighting of like bullies who makes fun about his brother or something, and m!nh0 is like -
I completely understand first hand how people can treat someone who's gay. From junior high school on I've had crushes on girls but didn't understand what I was feeling at the time. I didn't act on it and I wasn't bullied!
Customs agents are school bullies who never made it to middle management.
This is what happens when u bully nerds in high school. They become supercharged billionaire nerds with a taste for revenge
idk what my bullies’ obsessions are with trying to be my friend 3 years after high school but my dudes it’s gotta stop
I’m beginning to understand a few things about Devin Nunes... In high school, girls didn’t like him much, he didn’t have many friends, and the friends he had must’ve bullied the shit out of him. He’s creepy. @NunesAlt @DevinNunes @DevinNunesCow @DevinNunesSpine #DevinNunes
i forgot to mention during the mess the group of girls who bullied me in high school also had a problem w me bc i called them out for being racist towards two of my black friends &amp; also fatphobic toward my bff from my other high school which i transferred back to &amp; graduated from
I applaud you for facing off with a school yard bully yrs ago but these people are murderers. They have an army behind them and they fight to the death, so no comparison.
hannah says youre a high school bully
Because a 17 transgender guy shot up a school, people are defending him even though he killed and terrorized people in his school
People act like they are on this moral high ground but don’t forget dragged and bullied a Black girl for creating an inclusive space that literally had no downside to it. While simultaneously having a “blm” reference on their social media(s)
In high school I got bullied by this one group who would constantly do the fake “I like you/I have a crush on you” thing and tho I never believed it it wrecked my confidence. Because I always refused their advances the girls in that group would ask if I was a lesbian.
Also, PTO is.... - Please Turn Over - Public Trustee Office - Paul Timothy Ockenden Yeah, it's been fun living with that. Imagine what bullies do at school.
This is in reference to a girl who slid into my DMs tryna be friends .. this same girl viciously bullied me after high school. So bad i had to delete my old Facebook account &amp; didn’t create a new one until 4 or 5 years later . Smh
There are poc and queer kids being bullied into committing suic*de and you’re upset because you’re tall????? Fuck off once you hit high school no one cares about height like that and no actual tall girl would take that shit usually they would jsut fucking rip you apart if you
Lol Its hard to get over a high school bully
A Bit of Lore on Lady// In high school, she was bullied horribly for wearing girl’s clothes. One day some of the boys pulled her aside and stated to cut her (hence the scars), but their group was attacked by a monster in the middle of their torture of her.
The OP wants to discredit an entire profession because she was bullied by 3 girls in high school... The entire thread is pretty ignorant. This is coming from a nurse who was bullied. Why don’t they just ask someone who actually knows?
i got bullied out of two high schools for liking girls, it gave me a severe anxiety disorder so bad that i ultimately had to quit school in year 10 after two attempts. i’m back in a proper school but still about to fail everything because of the effect that it’s all had on me.
Seeing people who used to bully you in middle school out in public
remember entering high school and being terrified that seniors were gonna bully you by drawing “F”s on you on Freshman Friday??? LMAOO
If I was much, much, much more attractive I could get paid to go to people's high school reunions and pretend to be the sexy rich husband they can show off to the mean girls that bullied them.
my school was super chill about it.... unlike the bullies tho xD
Another way of saying this, to refer to your elementary school paradigm, is that you do not try to reason with the class bully. You prepare yourself for the inevitable fight, and you fight to win.
While I didn’t get bullied in high school, I do remember people making slick ass comments about me liking girls. And so many of those same people are now queer and I’m honestly just glad I’ve always known who I am and that they’ve finally accepted themselves.
My favorite 2019 is girls who would bullied you in high school pretending they wouldn't bc you geek media is popular in 2019 and you're just ~internal misogynist~ for keeping your distance from them
All the girls that bullied me in middle/ high school are trump supporters now
My kid did get counseling, I'm not sure about her poor friend it wouldn't have happened if the school had more SRO's and less coddling of bullies. Wtf happened to zero tolerance. SRO's are there to protect children. How would you feel if it was your kid?
People talking bout problems in high school and you take the bait of a girl talkin bout how she was bullied as a minor for large breasts. Youre weird for real
Primary school bully Britain is about to go to big school.
Legit, I'm slowly unfollowing Instagram spams cause all they do is make fun of people's music tastes and post vids of girls fighting one other and at first I kinda rolled with it but now they're posting "high school bullies!!" posts and the whole community makes me lil angry tbh
OM lmaoo im so sorry for some reason TCJ registered as T*n Cheng B*ck in my head okay but I alr knew TCJ was trash since the racist school bully incident
I think Bryce is rlly cool. He's got that 90s school advertisement to not bully or be kind to others.
All the mean girls who bullied me in high school did it for attention. And yet I cannot even remember their names. #win #BullyingPreventionMonth #endbullying
#BarrHearing Barr is no Attorney General, he's Trump's ass-licker who gives fuck-all about the Constitution. Barr was a notorious school bully who grew up to shine the shoes of a bigger bully. He has one purpose: to re-elect Trump and protect the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
I was outed when I was a freshman in high school after telling someone I thought was a close friend about me having a crush on a girl. within 3 days the entire school was spreading rumors about me and i was being bullied relentlessly so bad that i genuinely wanted to d*e
19. When I was in highschool, I bullied a girl who has a crush on my crush back then. Immature thingz. Haha. 20. I was constant with honors during elementary, I don't know what happened in high school. Puberty? Lol.
Hearing this girl who lumps everyone in Parkersburg and West Virginia together as trash because high school girls basketball players at south didn’t like her..Sorry you were bullied but you come off as pretty privileged and didn’t need to call out the town over high school drama.
everyday my mentor bullies me into admitting I don't want to go to grad school
The blonde girl was from the black lady’s high school when she was younger. She was a bitch to her and dated somebody who bullied her. So she got revenge.
white girl I went to high school with referring to rayshard brooks as "colored". I love 1930!! I should've bullied her in high school
I was kicked out of my bible study and that’s not important (because I turned catholic) but it was this video series. One day the speaker was giving a talk in the image of God. He starts talking about this girl he and his friends bullied pretty terribly in high school.
The same girls who bullied me in high school for liking MCR are all excited about their reunion.
there was a popular girl who bullied me in high school called me ugly and made fun of my clothes—well years after high school she got arrested for home invasion and burglary and not gonna lie those prison suits a lil uglier than my plaid capri shorts I’d wear just saying
Rioting in Portland for 50+ days and cry when there's finally resistance? The vast majority despise you whiny bitch, mentally ill losers. All weak people that join a large group to become the bully they despised in school..then play victim when the real tough people show up
Victoria F: PETE THIS GIRL IS SO FAKE Kelsey: *Crying* Sydney: Pay attention to me because everyone bullied me in high school and I definitely wasn’t home coming queen. Kelley: Yeah. I’m an attorney so I’m just gonna chill over here until you guys are done. Pete: duhhhhhh
FUNNY HOW MY MIDDLE SCHOOL BULLIES LIKE MY POSTS NOW AHHAHA
i love ellen but the ellen fandom is toxic. you guys have ganged up & bullied a girl for DAYS over a tweet that wasn't a big deal. do you know how damaging to someone's mental health that is? show some grace instead of forming these mean girl cliques like you're in high school.
Why do bitches that bullied me hella hard in middle school/high school try following and/or try talking to me. I’m not interested in you girl!!!
Why do pretty girls always say they were bullied in high school when they get a lil fame ? I don’t believe it.
for an apology because they felt entitled to shit on a public figure like high school bullies. it made them feel big and good to call her names and say "oh she's cancelled". the people that did that are on the same level as what they assumed hwasa had done so yeah they need
My sister is being bullied at high school by the rest of the girls and the school simply told her that “if there is not physical violence we cannot do anything. They probably don’t mean any wrong”. I am crying. Literally crying. I fucking hate the educational system.
Y’all....these are women that are at least 24-35 lol they’re def giving me “I was bullied in high school” vibes, they wanna be mean girls so bad.
TWICE got more pressure,more hate,more high expectations,got compared to their seniors,bullied for their “lack” of talent just cuz they were in the big3. That’s what you call privilege SINCE debut? But oKaY we stan a girl group who worked their way midst all the hate
School jobs attract bullies. Covid19 deprives teacher/bullies of what they want most - power. They also want high rent apartments &amp; suburban castles. So, of course, they're tantrumming in the streets.
i was bullied in school in new mexico &amp; mississippi but - and this is not a joke - i didn't realize they were bullying me until years after i graduated high school. it meant nothing to me. a girl threw a hairbrush at me &amp; hit me in the head. i was just like, huh?
High school pushing weight we was bullies
when i was in high school, towards the tail end of my years being bullied, a girl who did actual professional teen modeling said to me "fuck all those guys, youre gorgeous" and it?? really did a lot for me during a hard time and its stuck with me for years
yeah well they have to switch it up a bit. the last two flashes were typical high school bullies, at least this one is different
all the girls that bullied me for wearing chunky doc martens and having short miley cyrus hair in junior high now have all shaved their heads and wear docs. i see dat insecurity and projection now loud n clear
I saw a girl who bullied me in high school about being gay and she looked bad &lt;3333
i will never forget how in high school this girl that hated me bullied me about how ugly my ‘combat boots’ were and then came to school the next year with the exact same ones...girl
I remember being bullied by this girl in high school and I remember hating my life and hated going to school every day. I whole heartedly believe that’s why she’s UGLY &amp; FAT AS FUCK now. Sorry not sorry
Bullying is a serious threat to our youth today. It can have several short and long term experiences for the one suffering as well as the bully. Bullying can be of any sort ranging from cyberbulling and school… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDEtMQanuga/?igshid=ehbahp6k053t
I just saw this pretty girl all made up with her handsome hunk of a man and I’m like so inspired I’m done with ugly men who were bullied in high school I’m into jocks with two brain cells now
Why does anyone believe a woman will lead better? Women can be even more vicious than men. Ask any girl who was bullied by mean girls in high school.
Yo I can’t believe big big grade 13 girl like me was bullied by grade 9 girls high school was tragic
Whatever it wants to be, it has developed into a giant virtual high school cafeteria for adult bullies to feel relevant again, and occasionally share pictures of their offspring and food, while pushing pyramid schemes. I deleted my accounts last year, and don't plan on returning.
Im still mad that the girl who bullied me every day for my weight from age 8-15 gained 100lbs after high school and is now a “body positive advocate”
I wonder if its okay to never forgive my school bullies
An astonishing 42% of American Muslim families reported in 2017 that at least one of their children had been bullied in the past year because of their religion. One quarter of the bullies in these incidents were teachers or school administrators. http://www.ispu.org/mental-health
I would love to speak up about me getting bullied in high school but the girl Is two well known and I don’t really believe in cancel the culture unless you’re racist however I don’t think she was
A lot of you mean girls from high school got DAUGHTERS ooo chile. It’s gone feel real different when their daughters are the ones getting bullied
Based on Marvel Comics' superhero character, this is a story of Peter Parker who is a nerdy high-schooler. He was orphaned as a child, bullied by jocks, and can't confess his crush for his stunning neighborhood girl Mary Jane Watson.Spider-Man (2002) https://indo21.net/spider-man-2002
lowkey just realised my primary school bullies might be attending this school I’m moving to lmao THATS gonna be funny
When I was a high schooler girl some guys bullied me but I didn't notice it (I really don't care so I didn't know that I was being bullied until one teacher notice it???)
Not the same Mill Basin Italian girls that say nigga??? Not the same Mill Basin that bullied a girl I know in high school????
Don't ask obvious questions to prove nothing. There are degrees of evil; we all look past various forms -- it is human nature. Did you step in every time a bully beat the shit out of someone in high school? Why do you allow animals to be tortured every day in slaughterhouses?
it was literally a TREND at my high school to bully people who liked any band/artist that wasn’t the classic rap/hip hop/radio pop like WHY
I hate school so fucking badly, i get stuck &amp; jus give upð¤¦ð¾ââï¸ð¤
Lol at the fact that the girls who bullied me in high school are the ones who keep friend requesting me on fb
The people who go on the Bachelor in Paradise honestly seem like high school bullies
They’re weird. High school bully and the girl he was mean to, but later when they are 25. I guess there is a redemption thing, but I don’t understand why you’d want to forgive the bloke who bullied you? Even after some time had passed...
A girl once said to me in high school that if she made a Frankenstein’s monster she’d give it my head. Idk if this was a good thing because majority of that school bullied me
Joker is that one guy who stands up for a girl in high school who's getting bullied by 2 dudes and then the girl goes "oh my god" and rolls her eyes and all 3 of them laugh at him
Good to know that the weird horse girl that everyone bullied in high school but I was nice to is... now a racist. #unfriend #block #delete
my whole school bullies me for it
In my case, I was bullied for being the transfered kid. Got bullied by the boys in my class and even by some of the girls there. They always called me mean names and sometimes kicked and beated me but that ended when I entered high school.
Disadvantages of being @Swiftwolf234 -way too nice and caring -feels too bad to say no -sometimes too emotional -bullied in high school -made fun of for always being in the friendzone by girls -always feels alone, unappreciated, and unimportant
I'm at a loss for words
a girl who bullied me in high school for being gay just posted a youtube video about being bullied on tiktok for wearing a MAGA hat...
This is why every journo should be expected to reveal the worst things they've ever done in life, for full disclosure to their audience, so we know how to view them at their deaths. "Oh, you bullied a girl in high school for being fat? Sorry, that's you, forever, now."
Subtweet #2 You’re nothing but fake. The first day at my new school you wanted to be friends with me but I was rlly shy and kind of didn’t give you an answer and honestly I didn’t rlly wanna be friends with you. So because I didn’t wanna be friends with you, you go and bully +
You’re adorable thinking that just by insulting someone it’ll scare them away from speaking their opinions. All you are is a grade school bully who thinks that by trying to troll my page I’ll get scared off. Here’s a heads up, I. Don’t. Care.
The answer is simply because you were bullied in school and want to become the bully in order to feel some sort of power that you didn't have before the badge and gun. Simple as that. You can't convince me otherwise.
When some bully at school beats your kids ass just go to another school. Don't complain about it ...just leave!
In my first year of Secondary School, I had an evil Australian PE teacher who was a nasty bully who thought ridicule was the answer to my lack of enthusiasm for sport.
even "if it does happen oh well" is a bit of a bruh moment when we are talking about high school bullies being SHOT and KILLED in a SCHOOL SHOOTING
Trump was sent to reform school for being a bully. Should he be sent back, or should we just admit it was a failure?
tw weight and potentially ed triggering stuff My first secondary school was a 'sports academy'. I learnt more in watching twenty minutes of Joe Wicks than I did in my four years at said school. We need PE teachers that don't bully kids.
Facebook is weird because it’s like “Your high school bully who still sometimes comes up in therapy just added you as a friend and wants you to subscribe to their new LLC page”?????!?!?
I have no time for bullies shem. I was the only child for way too long. Boarding school taught me independence. I don't fight dirty. I fight to win. Come for me and I'll find your boss.
LMAOOO this girl who bullied, isolated, humiliated, &amp; spread lies about me in high school now works for a mental health clinic YIKES. Well, I hope she’s truly changed.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside James Logan High School; confrontation over bullied daughter | http://abc7.com
The same girls w these bios have bullied multiple people in high school and now they’re in a sorority with the power to like blackmail other girls and I’m just like
Dude girls be doin this to me too!!!!! Like ik my boys sexy but u bullied me in high school so don’t try n follow him ????
Girl, what platform? To his 400 followers? Not everyone gotta support on social media. Everyone supports how they do. I’m sorry if they bullied you or were being ignorant in high school but ever since I’ve met them they’d been advocating for black ppl and POC
Trailer for Derek Tsang’s Better Days, which follows a bullied high school student and a small-time criminal as they become the prime suspects in the murder of a teenage girl who happens to be the student’s rival.
WE WERE ON A MISSION AT A SCHOOL UNDERCOVER AND A BULLY STARTLED ME AND THEO GOT PISSED AS HELL
niggas used to bully me and call me a squirrel in middle school lol i ain’t forget
my looks I'm a thicc girl and I loved to backcomb my hair in high school and wear a system of a down t shirt underneath my shirt. So yeah the popular girls bullied me everyday till I just gave up school and stayed at home watching Kerrang and Scuzz all day.
Luca, I've been bullied through my whole life. School in particular was hell. Its so easy to let them get you down, but try and ignore them. I had one bully who was so awful at school that i ended up punching him on the nose.....but i wouldnt recommend that! You'll be okay
the way i try to be nice but trump supporters bring out the middle school bully in me
I was alone in the world, the weird kid in class. A little girl with no friends. Bullied and left behind. Pokémon helped me get through elementary and junior high school; Rayquaza was my goal, and now I look forward to the next challenge: Pokémon Sword and Shield.
High school is tough. I ran track/cross country which was weird for girls at that time and we were bullied including by male teachers. We stuck together and had support of parents, other teachers and a coach. Most importantly, remember it's them not you.
2020 is a bit like the school bully but I hope it decides to be kind to you
The girls who had a gay best friend at my high school were also the ones that bullied me for being a lesbian.
Not gonna lie when that happened to me in high school. I just made gay love letters in my bullies handwriting addressed to the football/soccer coach and he started getting bullied by his own friends that bullied me. So have him some passive aggressive revenge.
ugh to the rich privileged white girl in high school that bullied me but also acted like my friend at times leaving me so confused w my emotions..... jk i don’t have shit to say fuck u
I beat up male bullies in primary school, which got me a little fanclub &amp; honestly it was so satisfying.
Couldn’t beat a bit of bully to give you the Monday school week fear
I used to dress and have hair like you back in high school and then everyone bullied me so I became basic like these other bitch but deep down o wanna go back to being a scene girl and having this exact style
I remember I was bullied heaps bc of how small and high pitched I was. My best friend in year 7 was a girl who most people were terrified of though so when we started sitting together on the bus they left me alone lmao
the best description i could give for her voice is that if she was my high school bully i would simply just quit life
It is absolutely disgusting behavior that you are expressing that its okay to beat children at all. Even more so to try and use children being bullies to each other as justification for beating your child when I have been affected by bulling all through out my school years.
we all had that one bully that was cute in high school and looks ugly as fuck now
GOONIES + ARU SHAH To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th "hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #MG #F
I got bullied a lot simply for the fact that im a big girl, there were other reasons too but that was the main reason. I got bullied for my disability sometimes too. It was rough cuz the bullying even got physical. I didn't have any peace until my senior year of High School.
Was Ruth a bully at school? Now and then I've read of kind of veiled comments that she was.
You’re like that one girl in high school that stood up for the kids getting bullied. I love ya
She DM’s girls on Facebook she bullied in high school “hey girlie!”
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://7ny.tv/2QIbJF1
Awww:.. come at me. What a bunch of pollyannas. I’m doing my part to destigmatize and add clarity to mental health issue and you’re all piling on like a bumch of school yard bullies. Classy.
Belleville hates Harbaugh cause he processed a player from that school in 2016
Lyrical dance is the funniest of all performing arts and its not nearly bullied enough bcz white high school dance team girls LOVE IT
those girls bullied me in high school and now im gay
I like this narrative, it reminded me of bullies that we had at school. In class he is the coolest and the sweetheart of the teacher, after the lessons he is ruthless with us. Basically this is Geingob's type. He is preaching unity when in public but behind the scene he's otherwi
Ummmm yeah that’s a different issue and people who mass murder children, or attempt to, are not just products of bullies in middle school. Even tho that may contribute. But they are mentally ill to the point where they have to be locked up from society.
the kid that I used to jokingly bully in school has been so nice to me I think he miss me
tw // body image ; bullying ; depression get emotional for a second but... i’ve always been told i wasn’t pretty, that no one would ever love me, people always made jokes about my weight, boys i had crushes on would do nothing but bully me, and that in primary school+
That's like ignoring the abusive bully in grade school, hoping they'll lose interest. Trump won't lose interest and ignoring violence does nothing to stop it.
There are bullies everywhere not just in High School. It is our duty to not let anyone treat us like bullies do. It is a major part of your self-care as a woman and also a major bullet point in your personal empowerment journey.
ITS EVERYDAY BRO WITH THE SAME BULLY FLOW, BULLY AT SCHOOL NOW YOURE BULLYING YOUR BRO DISSED YOUR OWN BROTHER I DONT REALLY GET IT THOUGH STOP BRAGGING JUST ACCEPT NOBODY KNOWS YOUR DISNEY SHOW
Bullied for: Having ADHD, only having girl friends, not being funny enough, being "to fat" loving to write, being on and all boy soccer team and enjoying the time i had with them. Man I loved Middle and high school!
Trying to explain to my mom how this girl used to bullying me from 6-8th grade and it wasn’t until high school that I stopped getting bullied. Only to get bullied again in college.
I hope this video not gonna make her a victim of bullies in the school. Damn she is only 16.
It's high time that this strategy is called out. Intimidating a girl who was just trying to exhibit her culture is cowardice of the highest order. And those who bullied her don't have any moral authority to speak about anti-semitism or BLM.
i was told that girls would be nice to me growing up but it was the opposite. girls in middle and high school bullied me for the way i dressed and the way my face looked. a lotta girls are so mean :/ why cant we just uplift each other?
Teds still raging against the school bully in his mind ... 'Ill show you!! ... one of these days Ill be a bigger asshole that you!!!!!!'
Boy wtf your 25 and your still at a community college. Damn nigga how long you been here llaboss! Bum ass!
+ and how they’re “fruitcakes” and a terrible slur jungkook used to be called in middle school by bullies. he prefers to stay with his hyungs, any one of them. but most of all he prefers to sleep at taehyung’s and jimin’s apartment and of course they’re his father’s tenants.
Thank you so much Debi. In high school I was brutally bullied by 2 girls. It left invisible scars. Everyone must get better at celebrating others. One of the bullies apologized to me ten years ago for her cruelty. I forgave her but hard to forget what she did. #StarfishClub
the second reminds me of the girl who bullied me in junior high and I’m just waiting for you to call me a bitch or trip me in gym class so depends on the vibe you want I guess
i’m a bully i’m an high school fucking bully
I love how he’s the one that’s pictured to be the generic middle school bully but then comes off like that
Wait I just realized I was a total bully in elementary school. Wow I made a lot of girls cry ahaha uh oh
Use to fight bitches back in the school days that would bully kids with disabilities
What ever happened to Covid19 so you give yourself the right for everything. Wake up we have it much better then other countries. I come from Egypt to high school here was Bullied by Mexican girls every day in high school and black girls because I look white .
Way to twist the words. I said using, meaning exploiting BLM as leverage, like how a punk bully does to a kid in grade school.
yes im now tiktok famous all of the girls who bullied me in high school and all of the guys who never liked me back dont hmu
Yes, I hated that school. A lot of bullies btw. I'm thankful I got to transfer back, but I couldn't advance anymore cuz my parents didn't want to give me more workload. I always get so disappointed when I think of it.
thinking about how if vampires came to alvin i wouldnt be the mysterious girl of their desire because in all the movies and shows the girl they pick probably wouldve bullied me in jr high
Yeah. You either own up to that shit, or shut the fuck up. I'm 13 and I could give less of a fuck if my school bully knew that I watched them.
@nomokonokonoko It's horrible, I don't like my new classmates (＞＿＜) I know some of them and they've bullied me a lot last schoolyear (ﾉД｀)
Lol my high school bully has COVID after going out to Scottsdale for weeks and is in "dire need of financial help for medical expenses" like damn bitch you sure had $200 to spend on well drinks at Maya?
just checked in on my middle school bullies who told me to kill myself, one has a star wars tattoo and talks about fitness for a living, one of his posts says “kindness goes a long way” thanks joel i have body dysmorphia bc of how cruel you were to me
Doesn’t it worry you that the most stuck up, rude , rich, girls who bullied other girls in high school are our future nurses. Literally that’s the personality who will be taking care of sick people
She should be more concerned with implementing a plan to socially distance on the “bully bench” if schools reopen. Check with the CDC first please.
TRUMP THINKS THIS IS A SCHOOL YARD FIGHT. CAN SOMEONE REMIND HIM HE’S PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, NOT JUST A PETTY BULLY?.
I went to high school and my experience was bad, I was bullied by Tamils and Whites and the most surprising is had the two white men who tried to rape me where in a relationship with a black woman, also racism, other races of girls bullying me or ignoring me.
I just wish some of his classmates would have stepped up too. I'm 61 and I still regret the day in high school I did not step in for a girl who was getting bullied. Isn't that idiotic? 40+ years later and I still think about it.
The funniest thing about working in the beauty industry is that all the crusty girls who bullied you in high school ask you to do their hair now LMAOOOOO bye
Question, Femboys have you been bullied in high school for looking like a woman and were considered “ugly” simply because you have very low masculinity despite looking very cute and attractive in a feminine way? Because many were d*cks to me cause I looked a bit like a girl.
high school FUCKING bullies
All the girls who bullied me in high school gonna be real jealous when I’m riding around in my boyfriends Tesla truck
Being called racial slurs is better than having your stuff stolen and vandalized all the time and being knocked around and hit and tripped constantly. The school would even fine my parents for “lost” textbooks even though said books were stolen or destroyed by bullies.
Oh cool tuck shop money! But instead of chippies and sweets we get beaten up by the school bully, lose the money and end up hungry. It's fine though because it's a b e a u t f u l school and we are so lucky to go here.
high school bullies beating the shit out of a kid and stuffing him in a locker not because he’s a nerd but because they found out he listens to stereo mixes of The Beach Boys
I miss the girls in elementary school that would randomly start braiding ur hair
I was bullied middle school-high school because girls didn’t like me, they wanted to fight me for no reason, I was a white looking mexican, I was skinny, people believed the rumors that were spread about me, and the list goes on and my self harm began so till this day fuck y’all
ThEsE aRe HiGh ScHoOl FuCkInG BuLlIeS?!?!?!
Seeing the girls who bullied people in high school going through the worst while I’m living my best unproblematic life &gt;&gt;&gt; on everything it’s forever fuck you bitches get that karma as you should sweetie
What do you mean the all lives matter, three girls in my high school ended up in an hospital with anorexia for getting bullied about being too skinny in the first place it is still called bullying
it’s crazy to think that a lot of the popular girls in high school that bullied people mostly went to school to be nurses. like they will really be in charge of other people’s lives.
Can't get beyond seeing & hearing Ian as a man-child who was bullied at school &amp; is still out for revenge, teaming up with 'bigger' 'British' boys &amp; girls to try to get it. How he acquired a high profile is both an indictment of our political situation &amp; e.g. of BBC/BUM's power
Was cool! She was the same woman who gave us directions to the polling place and whose wee boy always runs around in high heels and ‘girls’ clothes. He’s 9, and she told me he gets bullied for being a ‘poof’ :(
School bully vibes
oomf looks like my middle school bully and i Physically Cannot stand it
Really these assholes remind me of school yard bullies who tell their victims to stop hitting themselves as they - the bully - pummels them.
unrelated but this was the stationary set my primary school teacher offered to give my bully if she would stop bullying me for a week
@Jim_Jordan is absolutely disgraceful. He is the worst kind of school yard bully. Shameful.
I got bullied by a girl in high school because I didn't have a large Adam's Apple. Joke's on you bitch
I live near a girl who bullied me in junior high, but TODAY she was outside laying in a flowerbed(?) when I rode by on my bike belting “Barry’s Going to the Prom” and THAT? We call that the ultimate redemption.
when cis ppl spread hate & misinfo about trans ppl because they thought they were trans in middle school it's their brave sob story but when I've been in the hells of cis life for my entire existence and I make fun of cissies a little I'm a big mean bully
literally I imagine all the girls who bullied me in high school joining doterra or lularoe and I feel better about myself
Bullies from high school are nothing but sore losers in real life.
I hate @realDonaldTrump more than any girl that ever bullied me in high school
This is the "chaos" that happens in the cafeteria at schools. The problem starts with one bully loosing their mind and starting a riot like you have never seen before. This is actually what your teachers getting stuck on lunchroom duty has to deal with.
Um a high school bully with internalized homophobia who later comes out of the closet has probably harmed a lot of people other than themselves on the way to their self actualization. They beat people up, yell taunts/slurs, drive other gay kids to suicide, they might even
I dont have anything against kuro Satori reminds me of a kid from my school who always was really annoying and always finds new ways to annoy/bully/harass me Shohei i forgot that he even existed usdghidsujfhg But I absolutely hate Oikawa.
Yeah, it makes you understand why we have so many mass shootings in schools, a teen can just feel angry and decide I want to bring a gun, maybe if the kids didn’t bully a child maybe all the kids at school wouldn’t have been killed right? That’s your mind set.
required. even when it was well below zero degrees. even when I was being bullied, and beat up. even when a creepy guy in a van was following girls. even when one of the girls in jr high was kidnapped and killed . single mom who worked. 1970s and 80s. we walked home alone
My friends and I were bullied in high school for the color of our skin, the food we ate, and speaking in our families native languages but of course the truly oppressed are the cis-het white girls who are just a little bit too tall
In middle school I was bully and I did t mind it until my fav English teacher told me she was bullied and vowed not to do it again but my coworker deserves to be bullied so I’m do it sorry Mrs. Waters
or how your parents have stolen from Government to send your to school. Before you bully or criticize people check yourself first. Suicide is never an option I am here today because I know there is got to be more. God Bless you all and remain blessed
depends what you are looking for, if you are looking for another fps, its not good, if you are looking for a depressingly torturous truly hardcore game that is comparable to sometimes being the bully in high school and sometimes to dragging your feet through tar, its perfect
Barr was an authoritarian prick even in high school. Google it. An authoritarian bully since childhood.
Biden has a known stuttering problem all his life it’s people like you that bully others from a known issue from birth. Grow up enough acting like bully’s in a school yard.
IF I SEE ANY OF THE GIRLS THAT BULLIED ME IN HIGH SCHOOL FOR LIKING ONE DIRECTION POST ANYTHING TODAY IM GONNA LOSE IT
I’ve experienced the most racism from black people. In high school I got bullied as a young girl by a group of black girls and told me to go back to Mexico. It never broke me. I don’t blame the world or a whole race from that experience. I can’t help what other do.
Lara Spencer is so unprofessional. She bullied a young boy on national television for taking ballet. I wonder if she knows how foolish that makes her look. This is totally mean girl high school behavior. P.S. the "bystanders" who laughed made it no better.
Where i went to high school it was majority black white and Hispanic I’m surprised it wasn’t a news we had a racist white cop who slammed this Hispanics girl on the ground a gay guy at my school got bullied by white kids because he was on the lacrosse team
I went to a Christian jr high and got bullied to hell and back for not being girly or drawing girly things. I remember retaliating by drawing a horse carcass guts out and flies eating it on a big chalk board that was near the girls lockers.
my kids r gonna be so whitewashed. they’re literally gone b caucasian w a skin tint bc my parents decided to raise me in ct and get bullied by white kids &amp; lose any trace of my background.middle school &amp; high school me was a wannabe white girl. how do i get rid of that past...how
I am actually involved I was blocked by him wayyyy before all this doc and Steph o bs happened Now here’s an example You see a kid bullied at school, what are you gonna do, tell the people who are gonna talk about the bully to shut up?
“When the kids in school bully you for creaming your pants“
Agent Orange lacks the intelligence to debate politically so he LIES. That is is all he knows. Lie, and keep on doing it. He has the mental capacity of a 10 year old school yard bully.
C and then arose a third school of sacraments, ..D an order of holy warriors ....A bound together under Christ ......T in a common vow, ....M and by their persevering testimony ..C the first two orders were swept away G like the chaff on the summer threshing floor.
oasis were like the bullies I had to put up with at school
This girl said I bullied her in high school I’ve never in my life bullied anybody I might’ve talked about a mf but I ain’t ever been a bully
Barr is the kid every bully picked on in school so he decided to ingratiate himself to them. It is in his nature now.
Stan Twitter has turned into middle school bullies, it used to be fun and memes and for people who aren't super sensitive but now its literally a chaotic and toxic mess
you’ll never know who i am haha — high school fucking bullies
“Transphobes get the bullet?” “Transphobic bullies should learn to be afraid? “ what is the world actually coming to? I get anyone can have a mental health breakdown and snap, but the fact others are justifying a school shooting because - terfs...
This also goes out to the girls I bullied or was mean to in high school lmao I’ve came a long wayyyyy
#PrayForSun i never knew you but you seemed like such a sweet, genuine and caring girl. i know what its like to be bullied to the point where you dont want to live anymore so it just really affects me ig. fly high angel, rest in peace you deserved so much better..
Omg once I panicked because I saw a friend of my school bullies in the store I was. I had to hide because I was absolutely terrified. I can imagine that Senjuro is feeling that but like a thousand times lmao
I can’t stand Gina. She reminds me of girls in high school that I hated but had to pretend to like so I wouldn’t be bullied and harassed.
those are the girls who bullied us in high school with the bio: spread kindness!
These women aren't at all worried to be seen with and aligned to this poster boy for psychopathy. I bet you hung with the school bullies too. Arh, the gentler sex, apparently the world would be better if they ran it ... #auspol
Petition to get Mayor Lori Lightfoot on Cameo to tear into my grade school bullies.
Asking the girl next to me what perfume she was wearing, and then immediately after telling a cop he was definitely bullied in high school is the most On Brand Khelsey thing to happen this week.
I got bullied for being a big boned girl who didn't date boys in high school
If she were liberal, that is the behavior of the “news” that helped bully a bunch of high school kids. This bum is not worth defending.
omg online school means no one can bully me about my kpop addiction
I’m not a bully I work in schools children’s care of work in the Armed Forces for 10 years I help andpeople I don’t bully. If you’re going to make some comments about what I said that’s fine don’t call me something I’m not. I have fought against racism and equality all my life
Were you a bully in high school Steve? Your guy lied about being invited and he only said it because of his jealousy and Fauci.Then it all turns into a great lie because he’s gonna be so busy on August 15. You must’ve been a bully with the attitude that you have sorry about that
New theory: Epstein killed himself but it’s only cause his 15 year old high school girl friend cyber bullied him into doing it
It’s not just kids in school that bully kids. Often adults will bully kids too hell, sometimes the adults are in the same family as the child
anyway last thing i will say: living out your little mean girls fantasy on twitter is by FAR the most pathetic thing you could do. do what the rest of us who got bullied in high school did and get some therapy.
Someone is Enjoying my Content! You should, too! Savage School Bully SPH https://iwe.one/7Q5YK
The government should pay middle school bullies to make them into normal people.
Being nice to bullies never works. They only understand violence &amp; pain. Once they receive violence &amp; pain against them, they soon change their attitude. Kids who were bullies in school had parents who were exactly the same. Power freeks!
the only person i recall wanting to be a cop in high school was an upper class straight white girl who bullied everybody. checks out.
Idk how y’all let ppl bully u in highschool at ur big ages. I get middle school and below but HIGHSCHOOL?! I’d air that bitch out on pirus
I saw some nasty stuff in early high school. I was bullied but girls can be brutal. A girl in one of my classes (who was popular?!) got ostracised until she left. Sorry you had to go through that and I hope you have found a better place in the world now you are a bit older.
i'm ctfu thinking about the girls who bullied me in high school LOL... now y'all all look like carbon copies of each other and still share a brain i'm-
Glad I’m not the only one who picked up on this...... LFI should be nowhere near the Labour Party until Israel starts being nice to Palestinians. I wonder why nobody ever tried to force me to be friends with the school bullies and told me I should never ignore their violence?
The girls that was bullied in high school look badder than the girls that bullied them now. I say all’s well ends well.
Addison Rae & that Charli girl look like they wouldve bullied me for being foreign in high school
There are full grown adults who are uncomfortable being around gay people because they themselves got called gay in school. Legit 30 and 40 years olds who STILL want the approval of their bullies. Child, that is sad.
Girls that bullied me in high school hitting me up for “favors” is literally so fucking annoying to me
I wonder if the girls that bullied me from middle school through high school ever think about me? Lol should I find them on fb and ask them?
this is why we bullied horse girls in high school. cause now look at them.
GOONIES + ARU SHAH To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th "hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #FA #MG
if you had a good middle school experience, you were the bully.
I know what its like to be poor. I lived in a fucking travel trailer with a space heater to keep warm during the winter when I was a sophomore in high school. I didn't have a shower. And because of bullies taking a shower AT SCHOOL wasn't exactly a lot of fun.
The girls who bullied me in high school: “Hey girl! I know we haven’t talked in FOREVER, but I’d love to catch up! Anyway, I think you would be a great fit for my pyramid scheme...”
U bully one white kid in ur school's Christian fellowship club and the rest come after you...... Pack it up Chick-fil-A
the girl who bullied me in high school’s long term bf (like since middle school) just liked all my pictures on instagram does this mean i win
Listening [redacted(s)] talking about their ‘love of their life’ on kdrama/kpop guy/girl when back in high school they bullied me mentally because I simply like a korean guy.
The girl that tried to bully me in high school was outed to her fam by one of my best friends (whom she also bullied) for sleeping with a family member (who happened to be my best friends boyfriend) IT. WAS. AWESOME. Now she’s a washed up dance teacher....
The brides that choreograph a dance for their husband at their wedding 100000000% are the girls that bullied you in high school and run a Instagram blog with 2,000 followers for a living
Note to all school bullies. Your actions in the playground result in "adults" like this. Please stop if you are ever allowed back.
I am still waiting for the high-priced call girl in the White House to defend Greta. After all, Greta was bullied by Trump. Be Best.
I am afraid of liking their stuff as they're saying they're gonna block everyone who follows Erica.... like.... are we still in high school? If get their attention on me they'll see I am not "taking sides" and bully me too? ffs.... we're not supposed to be afraid like that
i remember these RATS in my school doing a "tbh challenge" on insta and whoever liked it they'd bully them online and irl and that shit was so infuriating istg
When are you lawdogs going to fire @NYPDShea &amp; leadership? #abolishthenypd &amp; start over. This force has always been filled with high school bullies. @NYCMayorsOffice @BilldeBlasio @NYGovCuomo @NYGov never gonna be mayor @NYCSpeakerCoJo The brutal #NYPD doesn’t protect &amp; serve.
Just curious, do you believe not having God in schools made Trump a chronic liar, made him racist, made him a name calling bully, made him disparage war heros, made him make fun of handicapped, made him cheat on all his wives, made him brag about grabbing women by the pussy, etc.
And this is a girl who knew me in high school. But I was bullied in high school and took it. I have no dream guy from my high school. I wanted to leave &amp; not go back. I was smart, kind &amp; nice. I still am. But I won't put up with being knocked down. https://www.instagram.com/p/BozD5mGgWXK/?utm_source=ig_web_options_share_sheet
Same girls in high school who bullied me are also the same ones who are unemployed with an only fans acc
I just want everyone to know I got suspended my junior year of high schooling for bullying, and the girl I bullied is way hot now and better than I’ll ever be and I wanna give her a hug I’m sorry I am a trash goblin
Let's stop pretending that Kelsey was ever bullied when all of these girls were clearly the cool girls in high school who made everyone else feel like literal garbage. Hannah Ann included. #TheBachelor
I use to get bullied in junior high by girls whose boyfriend's liked me but I didn't like them back
Animal Farm. Didn't understand it all, how is a high school girl meant to?! Also had to read it on the bus to catch up before school, got bullied by other school kids who said I was reading a children's book.
As a policy maker it is her democratic right to present her ideas if she believes they help her community. If you disagree then disagree respectfully. Yoho has the chamber to present his ideas not to act like a school bully and goon
It's funny to see my 22yr old brother get bullied by a 4 yr old
They're always the same with new things to bully for. Middle school is where the warzone begins
those goth girls u bullied in high school? they’re hot now
Ironic really, how the girls who bullied you and made your life hell in high school are now sharing the petition for #CarolinesLaw
some of you never got bullied by a girl with orange foundation &amp; Victoria Secret sweats in high school &amp; it shows
she looks like the kind of girl that would've bullied me in high school tbh lmao
You’ve said a lot of terrible, inaccurate things but your fat shaming is despicable. Behavior no better than a middle school bully. Even you are better than this.
I’d hate to be known as that girl that bullied other girls throughout high school. Cause once you’re an adult everyone hates you .
No!Maybe a 12yearold bully! IDK,I Never was a bully.I was, however bullied in jr high, as I was more developed on top, than many girls my age! Boys made dirty comments, girls were jealous. I’m 63 now &amp; could care less about childish behavior, but find it unbecoming of an adult!
Tfw your school makes the bully a top student
these are bullies, these are high school fucking bullies
To be a complete asshole. Same question you’d ask a bully in school
The other thing that doesn't help, is that self defense is not allowed. I was always taught not to hit, but to hit back if I was hit. Taught mine the same, as did a neighbor with an elementary age child. School said it can't be done. It stops some bullies.
I was played a ton of sports as a child. I even played rep basketball. I was bullied by the girls at high school basketball try-outs and didn’t make the team. So I stopped taking gym classes and playing sports and developed chronic depression I’ve struggled with for twenty years.
Like it kinda makes me mad/happy that monster high is a thing again??? Bc when I was in middle school with my monster high backpack PROUDLY worn. I got bullied as hell for it but a ton of girls who all wanted to grow up fast (like chill Karen WE were like 12?) nothing was wrong-
Nothing pisses me off more then when a bitch who used to bully me in high school messages me and asks me to join her MLM scheme. Go fuck yourself Karen, you made me cry in high school.
A hate bullies had it at school but once a took the biggest guy out it stopped battered him way a golf club. Ma daughter was bullied too as she had leg operation so they called her peg leg. Detest them
Girl from high school in my dm’s: “Hey jas, looking good. How’re you? It’s been a long time” I’m shocked bc lt’s been a long time bc she literally bullied me in hs but we’re not going to talk about that ig
18. how long have you known you liked girls? probably like.... end of high school when i stopped being bullied and could finally admit to myself that all those boys i was supposed to find hot were ugly as all hell. i also had real friends now so that was a huge step
When I get to 200 followers I’ll do a voice reveal I’ll tell the story of the time my school bully (the one who shat himself) tried to ruin my business lmao. Idk how entertaining that will be because my story telling skills suck. But we’ll see.
Yes yes those bullies are making things 100000x worst Aaa
taller than me , obviously smarter than me , TATTOOS OR PIERCINGS , not too skinny not too buff just in the middle , hardworking in school or work in general , will not bully me and hit me because I’ve had enough from my ex and also I want my soulmate to
congratulations Aelijah lii Gabriel Balance for graduating senior high school in iAcademy Bully-proof nodern art school anti-facism support yellows
Sometimes i feel bad for having been bullied by the popular girls in high school but then i see them still sharing stuff on facebook and i feel better
if the merrell twins went to my school i would bully them
uhmmh i always wanted my high school to have are band but today unfortunately i find out what people in countries where high schools have bands bully band kids????? what????? why??????
Naaaw this goes deeper, China started everything from stealing intel when they didn't get their way. China is the school yard bully and when they were closed in Houston because they were found out their hub was spying.
Yesterday I saw a video of black girls slapping a white girl in an elevator. They didn’t even know her. No one has the right to strike another. No one. I used to save the underdog in high school b’cos in previous years I was the one bullied. No support for bullies here.
He will stop school funding. Sounds like a bully forcing to me.
i wonder if the girls in high school that bullied me even know that they were the girls in highs school that bullied people
i love pey n colette and i love how they pronounce their words and their pretty accents but they sound like the white girls who would bully me call me a dyke in secondary school HELPPPP
Um, you seem to forget that 'the spoiled, brainwashed, demanding, & entitled demons their families and public schools now produce.' are on BOTH sides. The bullies and the beaten.
once i dated this girl in high school and i broke up with her and then she bullied me
As much as I hate war and not looking for one in my lifetime, step back whenever someone try to escalade tension is not always wise It's like a bully at school, whenever he threaten someone, if the person step back all the time, the bully will keep continue picking on this person
yeah ig hate is a strong word, lets just say that if we were the same age/went to the same school id bully him and humilate him everyday
hot girls pretending they were bullied in high school is the most insidious stolen valor
When I was in Jr. High I was bullied terribly by a girl named Cara. One day the principal got wind of what was going on and called us into a meeting where he repeatedly asked if she was bullying me. I vehemently denied it...and instead told him how great she was! #Zelensky
POV: Some pranked the school bully, and he blames you. So I take the blame
I remember this guy in middle school, he was friends with my brother and I kid you not this man was gay and would always “bully” me but in like a friendly way... I remember this one time I had to take the bus home and he was walking behind me
Dejavu...One of many ridiculous lines from @POTUS yesterday. States were forced to open, now nation is on fire. He is using the same bully tactics on school openings and now back to states opening...what could possibly go wrong???
not to bring up the past but he used to steal my lunch money and bully me in the hallways (we went to same school) :/
fvck my anxiety attacks dksjfsjjgjfjsjfj I remember all the things they've done to me during my JHS days. Hope that these bullies will learn their lessons and our school will take back all of their good morals. They don't deserve it.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc13.co/2QGPwHg
Well I was the bully in school
i accidentally invited them to a tweet i made outside of the original thread by linking (silly me, i don't spent enough time on this stupid website to know it would alert them) and it's like the grade school bullies have arrived.
SHE ADDED MORE TO THE GIRL WHO BULLIED YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL SERIES
Am I the only one who thinks addy is really pretty but get’s vibes from her that she would definitely bully u in middle school/high school
Watching white girls on YouTube getting lip injections while my black ass is over here like “I got bullied by people in high school AND racists online about my natural lips” The human experience is unique lmao
Girls that bullied me in high school: “hi girly, long time no talk. Let me tell you about my essential oils” Me: “I’ve been on that oily life”
Got a chuckle out of watching Ted at the protests last week. He was like the kid in high school hanging out with his bullies because he thinks they’re really his friends.
*were bullies at school
Why is it every girl who bullied me in high school got extremely fat lol
If girls didn't wanna get bullied for being short they wouldn't have been born short. Also don't try to hide your shortness with high heels. I'll know, and when I catch you'll be bullied twice as hard.
I hate how this point of view thing was started by people that had been bullied in high school and now its turned into white girls imitating what they think a "ghetto black girl" sounds like.
no one bc im at school and the racist irls will bully me
i deleted facebook years ago, had enough of my high school bullies &amp; bosses and shit trying to friend me
Losing lives is much more important. Maybe was not included in cognitive test. DO UR JOB and make school safer, where are the plans the guidance the recommendation. Or bully into opening is the only thing left ur rank. Like u forced Florida, Texas, and other states to open fast
if i was a bully in high school how come the girl i bullied in high school is giving me such thoughtful advice about processing the death of a parent ??
The west justice system is set up to protect criminals and thugs, not victims and potential victims - same with schools. They protect and sympathise with bullies. So called goody two shoes think they can be saviours of the vile when in fact they contribute to the many injustices
Peter Navarro intentionally said china virus and he was asked not to say it again and he said it again just to be spiteful it’s like we’re living in high school Ville we have a high school bully, all the other characters! Ugh
28 years old and competing on here with girl children I would have bullied the life out of in high school who edit photos so they can look like dolls as well as aliens and cartoons. This rules
That’s what I’m saying. You can tell a white person bullied this fat Indian girl in high school
This is a good read and revisits my high school bully aka “I kissed dating goodbye.”
No offense but if my mom had prepared me a fucking lobster for lunch and the bully of my school would have throw it to the floor and step on it, the bitch would be dead
a bunch of bullies HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES
one of the funniest things to ever happen to me is seeing all of the dudes that bullied me &amp; made my high school experience miserable try &amp; add me on facebook because i’m a hot girl now bye lmao
I agree. On a much smaller scale it reminds me of a girl who bullied me through high school. She would always loud talk when I was around but I refused to give her a response. The more I ignored her, the more she tried; even talking about me wearing my hair partially down.
My fucking stepdad was like "oh you shouldn't miss school" and told my mom to make me go wtf I'm not going.
I had to serve a 12 top of college girls tonight and I’ve never been bullied in high school but I imagine it’d be just like that
It’s the fact that all through middle school little white girls use to call my braids “horse hair” and bully me for saying that it’s still my hair because I bought it...what a horrible time.
bitches at my school would call themselves clever because of their high scores on standardized tests and then relentlessly bully the only neurodivergent kid in the class,do you see what the problem is?
Me to hon, me too. T_T I always changed in the bathroom. I still remember in high school one girl getting bullied because she didnt shave her legs. Poor thing. Gym was a rough time. instead of picking each other up it was where the bullies seemed to be the worst.
These people. It’s as though someone assigned them roles of stereotype characters, handed them a thin script & they’re just sticking to it. “Okay, listen, you’ll be the school bully, you’ll be the drooly one people want to stuff in the locker, you’re the prom queen. And action.”
I got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied &amp; we moved
He sits on his ass for months, pulling his 'big bully name caller' act while we try to hold it together, then extorts governors to force us out before we clear the first marker &amp; surprise we skyrocket THEN does it again with schools...but convention is his limit. Cruel.
•getting called “anorexic” and “bones” since 3rd grade into high school cause my ribs show •was bullied cause girls would say I’m arching my back for attention but I have lumbar lordosis aka Widowmaker spine •A boy said I had a manly voice so I used a fake voice for years
They dehumanise us They demonise us. Then they call us Fat. This country is being run by a bunch of school boy bullies and professional abusers.
Fucking hilarious and terrifying when you see the girls who bullied you in high school becoming nurses and preaching about mental health and kindness lmao
Being the tallest girl in high school sucked so much. I didn’t wear heels bc thought I was too tall. Every guy I liked was shorter than me. And I was ugly just bc I was tall. From the tall girl who’s been bullied, thank you so much. I wish I saw #TallGirl when I was 16.
the girl who bullied you in high school might just save your grandma’s life; thank a nurse today
I don't think you realize how dumb you sound continuing to call other people "soft", "crybabies", "snowflakes", or whatever other term you like to use You sound like those middle school kids who aren't smart enough, so they just bully others to finally feel superior in some way
Laughing because the girls who bullied me to the point of wanting to die in junior high/high school now claim to be “feminists” and “social justice warriors.”
Racial stereotype of a school bully in children's book may negatively shape Chinese perception of other ethnicities, says Wong Chee Ming - The Online Citizen
I swear all of the older girls that bullied me in high school ended up being huge losers.... funny how things work out
Actual malice resulted in threat of harm. Celebrities and Twitter blue checks said a bunch of high school kids should be punched in the face; shot; locked in their school while being burned alive; or dismembered in a wood chipper. To say nothing of being called racist bullies.
I'm not for victims of bullying going crazy and shooting up random ppl in a school, let's not do that. However, when bullies aren't being held accountable for their abuse, their victims should hold them accountable.
newfoundland viral is when the girls that bullied you and made you want to die in high school retweet you
I was alive for Reagan so I’ll disagree. Trump’s problems aren’t his policies, it’s that he behaves like a middle school bully most of the time. A President’s disposition is as important as his policies.
idc if i’m a or whatever y’all really come on this app and live out the bully dreams you didn’t get to fulfill in school
This girl who bullied the shit out of my friend and I in middle and high school tweeted this....I,,,,,
sometimes i think about this girl who bullied me in 6th grade and wish i could get revenge somehow..... but then i remember she had to go through four years of high school with the last name hickey
How do school solve bully?
ZAYN GO KICKED OUT OF SCHOOL FOR FIGTIG MAX HE'LL BE YOUR ASS MA NIGGA!
Bullies....LOLOL Trump created the school of bullies.
This bicth said she would bully the fuck out of us if we went to school together???? LIKE
I was bullied for being Asian, smart, for being quiet, and for trying to be friends to the other ones that were bullied more than I was . Then in high school, I was bullied by girls because their boyfriends liked me but I had no idea who they were in the first place.
alright so i been wearing baggy clothes for a long time and now everyone wearing baggy clothes to be cute no rachel i wear it because you used to bully my body in middle school
Some Indian boy at school He was so cute and sexy, dressed like abo bhuti be "card card" But all in all, I was the bully and always got away with it
Typical deniers of stealing someone’s “line” and act like a school bully like “oh yeah? I don’t see your name on it!” .
Reminds me of the times in high school, not just the drama alone but also because our bullies cried victim to the principal when they got checked.
Lmao it’s fuckin’ “I bullied a girl in high school and now attempt to run a page dedicated to Owning the Gamers but fail miserably at it constantly, also I was Definitely Not friends with a serial abuser who faked being suicidal for nudes of Gamergate egirls” Dawnya
Shes the kind of girl tht got bullied in high school and now shes gonna try and bully them back *cough* *cough* Nerd
lmao remember when i got bullied in high school for sitting in a bath with a girl LMAO you bitches loved hating me
4chan bully i feel every school had one
Shake it off is my anthem to my past high school bullies
Why do I feel like girls who wear tiny sunglasses would have bullied me in high school
//my school bully keeps sending me those
BREAKING: Bullies who never grew out of high school posing as federal police officers and harassing civilians in Portland.
a girl who bullied me in high school is moving to salt lake and i feel like i’m in a nightmare
Or the very shy quiet tomboy girl that sat in the back of the class. Didn’t like speaking in front of the class &amp; got bullied! Fast forward &amp; now The Elite Fetish Muscle Goddess badass Bombshell of Atlanta my high school reunion was epic to see their faces! HAhaHaaHa
girls who bullied me in high school are trash now and im emotion
If you r getting bullied get help ok I got bullied by a girl and high school but she only bully me cuz I was cuter and hot she made Front of my teeth cuz I had Braces and my face but I do not care I mean look at me. Now
High time parents should take control.Cannot trust or rely on any authorities. Educate the kids on bullying and its prevention. Prepare them to face the bullies in schools and colleges. Speak to them often, have a check on their changed behaviour, more Importantly their Silence.
If Jill Biden came out and said, "Schools should be remote until futher notice". It would cause controversey BUT it will make people remember that Joe Biden is running for president. @DrBiden @JoeBiden
Will the storm be over? Angie has MECs why yall keep on blaming her alone. Panyaza ran in handing over food parcels instead of coming with a plan for schools. His quick in sorting out bullies at school, but now his in 6s &amp; 7ns on serious issues.
I have not ever targeted or bullied a model, but my name gets included in a screenshot of a vent room and that automatically makes me a bully?? Girl bye. I swear high school was a breeze compared to SWer drama
how does one NOT know that’s a racial slur??? I remember bullies in elementary school who would pull the corners of their eyes back as they said that to asian kids, I literally refuse to believe you’ve really gone 20+ years on this earth not knowing that’s wrong to say
A really good friend wrote this and as a person who got bullied in high school, a person who always felt left out by girls her age as a child, I couldn’t agree with her statement about people fetishising bullying. It’s disgusting and you should be ashamed for liking such tweets.
As Trump Calls for Schools to Fully Reopen, His Son's School Says It Will Not https://news.yahoo.com/trump-calls-schools-fully-reopen-191239089.html If Trump can't bully his son's school to reopen, how does Trump think Trump can bully a nation of mothers, kids, &amp; teachers to reopen. Get real Donald/Come back to earth. Resign!
It works, but I THINK you need to go to school, learn some social skills and how it is to be surrounded by different people, of course there will be bullies, but that's life, if you avoid suffering at all costs, it will bite you back when youre older, life is not easy.
I seriously don’t understand why Joe Rogan has this cult following. He’s always seemed like the high school bully that never got caught being a dick to people and became that one “woke” dude in college who tried to be your friend to make amends.
I feel like I should be ashamed, which is the stupidest thing. Do you know who started making me think like that? The girls who bullied me in high school. My friends’ mom who looked at me like a dangerous influence when I dressed modestly and never acted out. Not men.
She is the equivalent to a high school bully.
A Puerto Rican man being praised for playing Alexander Hamilton (who was a real person) on BROADWAY but a white girl being threatened and bullied for playing Esmeralda (who is utterly fictional) in a HIGH SCHOOL PLAY is SJW "logic" at its worst. #Hamilton
being friends with a guy who used to bully me in middle school is weird lmaooooo
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside James Logan High School; confrontation over bullied daughter | http://abc7.com https://abc7.com/5833801
I said to my wife the other day that what drives me is the idea that my high school bully’s children might become super fans and he will have to listen to them talk about me all the time.
@jhlsalejo I know right! Almost every disney channel actor has been bullied when they were younger
i will never get over this but anyways since almost everyone at my school was an asshole,,, they were definitely gonna bully me
ryan cosio is and has always been a piece of shit from the start. he was creepy in elementary, middle, and high school. spit on a coaches face, abused an ex, bullied so many girls. can he fuck off forever pls
this is the type of girl that i bullied in high school
I totally get where you are coming from - so many girls bullied me in middle and high schools! But I (and you!) don't need to prove anything to them! Be confident in the amazing person you are, regardless if those girls know it or not
I was a student athlete in high school. I was on the cross country and track teams; and although I was put out for a year due to a leg injury, I didn’t go back because of how much I got bullied for being the fat girl on the team. I didn’t feel comfortable so I stopped.
This is why I’ve always SAID I think it’s so ironic how all the mean girls who bullied people in high school want to become nurses. Honestly... it’s rich.
Alas you still don’t understand what a civil right is and why owning a gun is wholly separate privilege that is not necessary to have equality in this nation. Keep sipping the NEA koolaide. One day you’ll finally get over your high school bully.
I was bullied in high school because people thought I was a prude and a horse girl
i lost all my school skills reading & math and mean more thing's .just liked this girl i was bullied all throw school right up to high school .. .. sorry for any missed spelled words if any comes up .. not a lot of people know this about me. i don't talk very much about this .
Mannn I think about the same couple of girls who bullied me going into high school and seeing them now, they're all fat and worse off than me. Just goes to show that karma always comes back around
Same girl that bullied me through middle and high school is preaching about commenting on others’ appearance. Laughable.
A cis white kid shoots up school:"how come they caught him alive" Trans kid schoots up school: "uwu precious baby gave them bullies what they deserved"
I was pushed down the stairs in school by a bully
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7chicago.com/5833801/?fbclid=IwAR3ZEiGO0ys2rXYy6y6AF5eIqJRAzQiGFcgxFGFgpw5ivgclWQR5a0hTImU
This was me at 20. This is a picture of a girl who was bullied so bad in high school I was convinced I wasn't very pretty. It wasn't until I was 20 and saw this picture I thought maybe what I was lead to believe was wrong. Bullying has lasting effects.
those were probably the girls that bullied everyone in high school just to look cool
But saying that beef means that Africans hate black Americans is not good. It’s not justifiable. I was bullied by a BA girl in high school. I would be out my damn mind to bring that smoke to every BA girl i encountered.
girls who bullied me in high school are trousers now and im ladybug
people who shipped harry and draco were secretly in love with their middle school bullies and was just hoping they’d come around and admit they’d actually liked them but they were actually, in fact, just assholes
Same reaction when I heard my school bully was taking courses on Nursing. I pity the world if she ever passea
to the bullies that called me a cow in school bc of my skin condition... i glowed up and i’m out to fuck your dads
No, did you read everything I posted ? I use to wear Walmart shoes to school you think I was a bully lol ? No I just wasn't a victim cuz I fought back and was very good at it
keep thinking abt pride when cailey and i were waiting in line for the atm some girl started ranting abt being bullied in high school and how she wanted them dead and then asked for a picture with me ? what was that
when a girl who bullied you in high school asks if you wanna try skinny coffee
These are the girls that bullied me in high school
The people preaching “girls support girls” were literally bullies in high school, lets be real here
LMAOO same. these girls bullied me in high school
I just saw a girl who bullied me in high school twerking on facebook live, good for her lmao
My niece just told me that she is being bullied by a boy from school. He says racist things to her. She told me the boys name. Yeah... the boy’s mother is one the girls that picked on me in High School and was racist too.
Kizzy Laird-Connoly is NOTHING but a bully. I bet she was part of the mean girls club in school. She clearly must have a very unhappy life, to need a career off the back of hating a perfect stranger.
I’m going to have to disagree with you. That’s basically the same as saying bullies, whether at home or school or both, isn’t the main reason why kids shoot up schools.
Fly high with the angels Allison Girl, 10, dies in apparent suicide and is found by her younger sister in California as police suggest the youngster was being bullied. https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7576847/Girl-10-dies-apparent-suicide-police-suggest-youngster-bullied.html?ito=facebook_share_article-home
I was a good bully in high school, like I’m cool with the people I used to bully cuz they know it came from a good place
He sucks at baseball just like at school that is why he is protecting his marks so no cansee how horrible they are. He is a bully , a racist,coward,lier, traitor, unfaithful husband,a horrible father figure to his youngest son ( no name) and his daughter who is just as back
10) Needless to say, I was bullied NONSTOP because I was a loud, WEIRD kid, and I've never stopped being a loud, weird kid, and now I'm the loud, weird kid for a living, so to all the weird girls out there--I see you, babe, go pretend you're a wolf at recess and fly high (end)
My son told me recently to consider the character of the bully and don't take offense. He learned that through his experiences at school when he was very young.
I guess it isn't just kids that need to get back to school eh?. Looks like the superpowers are back to being playground bullies whilst the rest of us have "That don't impress me much" by Shania Twain running through our heads.
Well, there are certain high school bullies of mine (who are undoubtedly Trumpers), and I think a bit of fascism unleashed on them might do the world some good.
I'm so proud of myself of how I've grown to be a person I am today and I'm still trying. Back when I was in school so from primary to secondary which is like middle to high school I was bullied all the way because hey I'm that tall awkward girl who's shy and love to read.
Over to you School Bully
Yeah had that with my son he had a bully safe to say I wasn’t having it and spoke to his father and hasn’t happened again , schools say they do stuff about it but do fuck all
Anthony this person created their account during the middle of bb20 I looked at their tweets about Bay and the first few tweets don't even talk about her being a bully in high school they're talking about her game as of knowing her for the first time make any other BB fan.
Some more artwork for the game/novel I'm working on from @koaladesignss Maya Dumars- Principal of Dahlia High Connie Young- A young girl with mysterious health issues Max Diller- Drug addict/burnout Chris Fuller- Bright young kid who is constantly bullied
Yip! My school experiences of PE put me right off exercise for life! Moreover, the b**chy popular hockey and netball team kids were actually encouraged by the PE staff to slag off and bully any non sporty types that didn’t run fast enough or javelin far enough blah blah blah!
my junior yr of high school, I dm’d this girl in one of my classes bc she was being bullied. when she dm’d me back she had mentioned how she had been contemplating suicide-then proceeded to thnx me for dming her. I think about her a lot and I hope she’s doing good. be kind.
RT @AuthorNinaPerez: How about they're ALL nasty motherfuckers for casting a 16yo child to do sex scenes w/ a grown-ass man? Sorted. https:â¦
No you wouldn’t have. They were big bullies. Especially intakes before 2010 it was a home for them kopala commanders. Chifubu and Chiwala boys were the scariest schools in Ndola then
kids on Twitter: we were bullied in school, nobody accepted us :( same kids on Twitter: let's talk shit about and bully everyone too!
i would bully the shit outta this girl i school... the fuck is this
If you were a bully in high school, you probably still have that same weirdo energy today even if you are “successful” lol
THE WAYYY GIRLS AT THOUSAND OAKS HIGH SCHOOL BULLIED SO MANY GIRLS FOR THIS?? WHY??
Is it to avoid giving easy access to individuals and communities who burn down and vandalize schools, assault and insult teachers, are ill mannered skollies, have no regard for the rules of schools or the law of the country, bully, abuse and victomise other learners, who think..
antistraightppl: satanic-girls-gone-wild: i wish this new wave of “grunge” was still poor/mentally ill people making art about their struggles and not the girls that bullied me in high school wearing a $60 flannel lol according to google this... https://tmblr.co/ZiZ9iYYLfGg7mW00
Size 2 girl who bullied the ugly girl in high school and has her belly button pierced: we need to STOP acting like obesity is ok.
I swear I would instantly unstan if I found out any of my faves were bullies in school and now. I do not support that.
if all kpop stans went to the same school i promise you no bitch is gonna bully me for being an army of samatha says shit to me in rocking ha shit
every girl who bullied me in high school just dyed their hair the same shade of almost-pink
Guilty of, which why I'm more critical of people who have display their standards of redemption rather than the actual redemption. People can forgive a murderous saiyan bc its more fictional but not a school bully due to it being more personal.
can we talk about how alex bullied george and april like a high school mean girl? they should have killed him off tbh
I feel like this would be more beneficial for schools who have students who are creating anon accounts to bully their peers. It would do nothing for me if I saw that “Billy Bob, 42, from Fort Smith, Arkansas” was tweeting me calling me ugly
i’m so embarrassed by the fact that i’m dating my middle school best friend that was also bully and took away my confidence lmao
Realizing that not one of the girls who bullied me in high school who are my age or even older have a college degree or are doing anything with their life now but I am? DAMN that feels good.
Don’t just bully the high school students, will LI &amp; his 30,000 colleagues dare to go to USA to arrest @SecPompeo, #CCP’s enemy?
is our generation really this sad? or everyone joins the bandwagon? I have serious questions? back in school, my bullies used to call me names for my depression, and now suddenly everybody wants to die. depression is not an aesthetic. i live with it.
Wow. Oh. Wow. Mad respect. I was bullied all thru high school. Being biracial was rare back then and girls' boyfriends were always hitting on me and of course the girls didn't blame their boyfriends. You dad was so cool.
Are we protesting Sierra Nevada Academy Charter School? Are they aware BLM bully Lily Baran on their staff ignites and stokes racial hate? Is this who we want teaching our children? https://www.snacs.org/contact/
When I was a kid, I was bullied for being a nerd and a “mama’s girl”! Even by my fifth grade teacher. Later and now in life, bullied by both males and females for being “puritanical”, having high moral standards with no interest in hook-ups and one night stands!
There’s just something in me that’s not allowing me to do my school work/study. I feel so stuck. Someone pls bully me into studying
every girl who listens to billie eilish is the type that would have bullied the fuck out of her in high school
one of the girls who “bullied” me per say through my last year of high school screenshotted my snapchat story and then unadded me. i have never spoke one sentence to her. i have no idea what i did to make her and her little friend group hate me so much
Was a really odd feeling to check my spam mail and see an “email” from the girl who bullied me in middle/high school......
Everybody else is too. Going to be nice to hear 2 grownups not call other grownups grade school bully names
Just looked up a girl who bullied me in jr high for only rotating between 2 pairs of pants (khakis &amp; denim flares w/purple embroidery) GUYS she sells protein powder on fb from her home in JACKSONVILLE so look who's laughing now: me, wearing the same jeans all month in quarantine
there are some very popular trans women who have this faux mean girl act because they now pass and god that's the worst. with great power comes great responsibility. it's not cute treating people like peasants or like you're still in high school. you used to get bullied too
The preferred shoe of my high school bullies
Blackpink fans aka the girls who bullied you in high school
@x_aye_itsTAY ur seven feet tall when u stand on top off TWO chairs lol and yes i remember u gettin bullied like the lil person u are! haha
Were you one of the nerds who dude-crushed on bullies in school, and chortled the loudest when they shoved other nerds into lockers? If not, why are you pretending to be one of those #SadBoys on the Interwebz?
everyone who dressed like that either married their high school’s jock bully who became a cop and is now a trump supporter or went to a preppy college and became a typical white liberal soccer mom
the girl who bullied u in high school keeps saying good vibes only
In high school, I got bullied by my entire class group (24 guys) because I defended the ONLY girl there was in our class group from them. I got body shamed, ridiculized in every class &amp; they threw me salt in front of the entire school. I took some pills but didn’t worked out well
It's their narcissism of thinking they get to decide what counts as objective humour. Being mean and laugh even though regular school bullies do that shit as well.
back in high school I was one of the girls that bullied ppl for listening to 1d &amp; justin bieber.. oh how the tables have turned
All of the girls who bullied me for being a lesbian in high school are lesbians now so there's that
This SecState has become a joke. He speaks like a middle school yard bully.
oh my god one of the people running for senate here is the father my high school bully
I got bullied for not wearing make-up in high school like all the other girls and having a German surname. Everything that happened to me then made me who I am now though and I love me
40 high school girls bullied Lauren on tiktok and her account got banned
Then when I was 11, it was for liking anime. 12 was for, once again, being a smart teacher's pet- but also because I wore waist high jeans (girls only wore jogging pants rolled so you could see their ass at this time). This trend continued. Then I was bullied for being emo.
wow i didn’t know every single girl who bullied me in high school was gonna be at the bar tonight
When I, a 4’11 15 yr old girl once told the bully in school to suck my dick and she threatened to kill me and my principal found out Y’all.... he read the DMs in front of me and my mom. I’ve never seen a grown man so shook
I wonder how many of my bullies from high school are cops now. Seems like a direct career path.
the girl that bullied me in high school is still posting “pmoys” at age 18. wish i could tell year 9 me this info
Arnab Goswami still doesn't know how to conduct an interview. Literally trying to school Shatrughan telling him - Say what I want you to say. What a third rate jerk! Just a pathetic Sanghi bully and a hypocrite who's sitting and sucking his master's cock.
No one: Literally not one person: White girl that bullied me in high school: “An Open Letter To The Best Friend That Betrayed Me...”
Girl who bullied me in high school is currently in my snap telling me how hot my head tattoo is
just seen someone who’s semi twitter famous and she seems like one of those girls who preach about mental health but then they bullied the fuck out of people in high school lmao
I've been bullied since 2nd Grade until graduating high school, I go to retaliate one time &amp; I'm the one in trouble. A girl threatened to bust me upside my head for me telling a teacher that she's been bullying me &amp; I end up in the crazy house
One of the earliest bully experiences I remember was in middle school when this tough kid that lived down street came up to me while I was skateboarding and offered me a cheeseburger, when I refused bc I wasn’t hungry, he made me pay him for the burger
Haha so did the girl who bullied me in high school then she became a nursing assstant
gtfo Halle Berry is lightskin and was bullied relentlessly in high school by darker skin girls. Same true with Tyra Banks. So, don't be ignorant.
I often wonder if the girls who bullied me in high school (homophobic bullying of course) are now women who post Instagram stories about mental health and Bell Lets Talk
2014: freshman year high school. I was bullied and ganged up on by a group of girls. It’s where my anxiety and depression started. Overall 0/10.
shit ian blocking em , i bully em into fighting me but that don’t work but either way i hope they hoes ain’t fg im just waiting to catch em outside of school
...kids get bullied. Expecting social distancing from kids when some of them pick fights with others just cause they can, is wild. Some bully’s come from abusive households &amp; lash out at school. Wtf they think gonna happen after kids were home for months w/ nobody to pick on
barons private school said not opening in fall. i heard it a few days ago &amp; since. unless academy of pedchanged their minds Again, last i heard they were ' open safely w 'CRITERIA MEET' like the virus surging states who let trump bully them to open without meeting criteria.
don’t worry i hate you to that’s why i used to bully you in middle school xoxo
The “I baked a cake for a girl I bullied in high school” showed up on my recommendations pages and was how I found you :3
a girl who bullied me and my friend in high school somehow found my friend’s phone number and called her she wants to be friends with us because she’s “changed” but we don’t want to. She treated us like shit :(
In Norway the school have a obligation to prevent and solve any bullying. If not there will be consequences for the school and city. If the situation cannot solved for some reasons. The bully(s) can be denied to go to the same school as the victims, and be transfered.
she defo used to bully the actual weird kids in school you can see it in her face
This is your tell that trying to bully school districts into reopening hasn't gone the way he thought it would.
Being bullied as a darkskin girl is a very painful thing. I remember not wanting to even take pictures at a certain point in high school because I was way darker than my friends and I didn’t want to give anyone the chance to compare and laugh.
haha i got a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied and we moved haha
I feel this way towards queerphobic and ableist high school bullies too. It kind of hurts when the damage they did took basically until now (9 years) to undo.
Nursing school really is my personal bully
Please bully me i miss it from school
When I was bullied In high school 10+ yrs ago, they were girls and they were brutal- same I was never bullied by boys
Its about a high school girl Chise Hatori who had an abillty to see certan creatures and she got bullied and disowned by her parents, so she decided to sell herself to find a new place she can call home. She was sold to a magus, Elias Ainsworth, a sevenfoot-tall humanoid creature
the gay guy that came out after high school that used to bully me in middle school for BEING GAY would dance this in class but nobody clocked him...
sulli was bullied and recieved nonstop backlash for believing what she wanted to believe, that's so wrong in so many ways and i will never EVER forgive y'all for pushing that poor girl over the edge. fly high.
Union City, CA – A California woman said that she was brutally beaten by two teens as she was preparing to meet with a high school principal regarding her daughter being bullied by a group of girls. https://defensemaven.io/bluelivesmatter/news/mother-goes-to-daughter-s-school-to-report-bullying-bullies-beat-her-too-icoqBbQO30WfCXskrdeB0g?fbclid=IwAR1xB-zRpZOFkEPsc9DYzuELjGZGwd0AhPXyDAl-3R8yxwu-plLP_r4mQmY
Now that I model girls from high school who bullied me follow me. And guys who called me gross are in my messages. Fuck outta here.
honestly while most of them are just bullies that discovered a new way of bullying outside of middle school many of them as well are people that are trying to fit into this abusive environment because their friends were already toxic.
I really truly know it’s a stereotype but I would genuinely love to see a study linking girls who bullied in high school to girls who became nurses. Obviously not all nurses were bullies but I just checked FB and 3 of the meanest girls I knew are nurses now.
And last I recall: I reported my school bullies. The 10 on 1 beatings. The constant lack of action from the system that I trusted to protect me. One day, I punched back. Was it right? No. Was it effective? I'm still here when I was met with lethal force. Bet your ass it was.
To my big brother Stuart McKinlay The mere mention of your name or the words “He’s got a big brother!” helped to keep me safe from some of those bampot playground bullies during my school years! SNOW OFF THE BEN: THISTLES &amp; GUM TREES Paperback https://snowofftheben.blogspot.com/2020/07/thistles-gum-trees-paperback.html?spref=tw
#JKRowling is a bully in every way. In a total Umbridge move, she bullied a small school publication for stating the TRUTH: She is engaging in harmful discourse. Her words are a psychological violence upon transfolk, which also leads to physical harm. She used her riches to 1/
Well technically taking someone's possessions by force is robbery. But yes closer to kids at school taking your lunch and then giving it back to bully. They could have actually kept it and beat his ass if they were that bad
It’s really only our grade that interacts with eachother but in general the whole high school is cool we bully the grade 8 though because they think they’re superior or some sht
Why are people ever surprised when sports stars do something transgressive and stupid? 90% of the absolute worst bullies in high school were jocks in my day. Can’t imagine that’s changed much.
That friend that defended you against bullies in school, keep them, because not many today will choose against being a bystander. Many will allow the mistreatment of others. Normalize sticking up for others
In what incident did you thought Acai is the one for you? And what about him? — When i was in high school. I was an average girl no one really knew me I was always bullied by the ‘plastics’ my only friend was this hoe nam…
I love when the girls who bullied me in high school message me saying, “hey girl!!! HAVENT seen or spoken to you since high school how are you? ” and they’re trying to sell me their shit tea/coffee I can see those girls became real winners after school
omg noo, i heard he’s a high school fucking bully
i was also very bullied for being a ''lesbian'' even tho i didnt have relationships with girls, i was just a non normative ''girl'' lmaooooooo high school was awful
Exactly. @realDonaldTrump is a middle school bully supported by hordes of white men who are mentally 13 years old. #VeteransAgainstTrump
Unreal, THE MAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE is butt hurt that "he's not liked but others are". Fauci should watch his back literally because the school bully hates the kid with the glasses is liked. #childlikeman
Yeah unfortunately. They're just ways for high school bullies to see who has the biggest salary
No everyone is sick and tired of your whining little mouth running off when things don't go your way. You are a pathetic bully who's time of running rampant in the school yard is coming to an end because the new kid in school is going to knock you flat on your arse.
If you didn't know, uTaka Tina used to protect uMandela from bullies in Primary School.
Both my daughters went to the same schools as me, the eldest even went to the same 6th form. Whatever the school though, teachers are still grumpy and other students still bitches or bullies.
if there is a school with all kpop idols, fans and companies' CEO i would probably bully jyp
Not all nurses and police are ex bullies and not all bullies turn out to be nurses and police... however... yeah. Seen it myself with people I know. There is a pattern. Also two girls who bullied me in high school had Dads who were police and Mums who were nurses
Yes and she was my bully in middle school
the stupidest thing in the world is when a straight person tweets something bigoted and a bunch of straight girls who probably bullied people in high school reply like "I'm straight but we don't claim him "
So where were the teachers and staff while this kid was bullied to the snapping point? Isn’t this the reason for EVERY school shooting? Kids being BULLIED? The only way to stop this is stop the bullies. What this kid did was horrifying. I’m sure the bullying he suffered was too.
And it’s literally all the girls who used to bully the fuck out of alt kids in middle/high school lmao
Got bullied half of high school and managed to pass my classes and I’m going to graduate early while the girls who bullied me didn’t get to get to graduate. It’s The world has come Full circle.
false i just had a crush on my elementary school bully
Jesus fuck bro it’s not that deep you literally bullied girls in high school
imagine if every stan on every platform went to school together...i’d bully that weverse, vlive, and tiktok stans
You risk giving them oxygen and attention by publicising their behaviour. Ignore them and rise above. Eventually, these people will realise that their actions are not destroying you and they will stop. (I speak from years of experience dealing with bullies at school and work).
Going to music midtown alone tonight and just hoping I don’t get bullied by high school girls in neon orange Kim possible pants and teeny sunglasses
Yeah I know people who had trouble with him in school. He was a bully back then. South London wasn’t easy growing up but still.
That pink is not just a girl’s colour I definitely bullied my dad into wearing more colour to work in high school
@mpinthemorning @friendlyjordies you’re both good sports. I look forward to Prawn and Buzz in the morning. Next week can we nut out why all sensible labour voters are labeled “lefties” like the school yard bully calling someone a loser. Attaching a stigma and false
There’s an animated series of Captain Underpants on Netflix that my son loves. The school nerd/bully has the best insults. Some favorites include “You: sandals with socks misaligned tires dirty bathtub rings carpet samples day-old Kaiser rolls empty maracas handleless mugs”
Started at 13, I was bullied by all the girls that I was on the high school soccer team with. They said I was too fat to run so I decided to lose weight and I started starving myself.
Nothing warms my heart more than seeing the girls who bullied me in high school join pyramid schemes and flop
Just call them out for what they are; a bully is a bully is a bully, that's what I told kids on my school visits as a copper years ago. https://twitter.com/NicolaSturgeon/status/1286664208843788288
I only fuck with a few girls from schools but the “messy crew” ion fuck with y’all hoes cause y’all hoes be thinking y’all bully’s
TAUNT HER, a dark, bully high school romance by Caitlyn Dare is NOW AVAILABLE!! FREE in Kindle Unlimited! Amazon US: https://amzn.to/2CRod91 Amazon UK: https://amzn.to/32EXnvp Amazon CA: https://amzn.to/39nQY9l Amazon AU: https://amzn.to/3eS6pYq
What's his beef, is it true that it was because he was bullied and girls didn't like him in high school
The @FamilyGuyonFOX episode in which Meg toughens up after being in prison &amp; beats up high school bullies, is both very funny + moving, bravo #MilaKunis + @SethMacFarlane
remember that period where celebs had to be like "i was bullied in high school for being TOO pretty" i'm glad we as a society can empathise with popular girls now
My high school bully is a f@ggot now
when ur friend makes a group chat for a game where u have to team up with people from ur high school bc he wants to Have Fun in Quarantine and u dont want to be an asshole &amp; say No, and the girl that Bullied You but u Also Had a Crush On is DMing you bc u have to Team Up Together
Anyways fuxk my middle school bullies
I tell myself I need to stop hating people but head will never stop recoiling into my spine when I see “>ugirl streamer “ shit and pretends she has a naturally high voice and got bullied for it when she was younger even though it’s clearly her made up persona
when people say that theres no more bullying in high schools and people are just being dramatic?????? whew the privilege.... remember all the girls that killed themselves in 2010 brcause they were being bullied? that shit is still happening
i got bullied so much in high school it’s not even funny. I got bullied because other girls bfs liked me and they would tell me stuff like if it was my fault . I got bullied horrible this one year because in one of my classes this guy spit in one of my
It’s been like this my whole life. Nobody takes me seriously. I always got bullied in school and ironically a few of my bullies ended up becoming my friends later on. But only once I got bigger and stronger than them. Funny. But not surprising.
Today display by the idiot was perfect for school children to see how a total bully in his environment act. My grandma would describe him as a hulk of meat with eyes. Yes a Yiddish saying not worth mention.
The next September we were in art class together, having moved from elementary school to high school &amp; I remember before I moved away she was working on a piece to show the emotion of how her family was bullied. I never saw the finished piece but I’ve wondered about it since.
Regardless of political siding, and I’ve been on both, I have so much respect for her. I’ve never seen anything but intelligence & greatness with words from her. Yet angry Repubs LOVE to bully her, make fun of her, call her dumb. Sorry, she schools you every time.
WHAT A HIGH SCHOOL BULLY. YOU’RE BULLIES
Positively nauseous to think that indolent half-wit journalists are allowed to ask about the President of the United States in such an obviously disrespectful and inciteful manner. Grade school bullies, all grown up. Should be IQ tested for a press pass
Quick shout-out to my high school bully who stole GARDEN OF RAMA from my bag and never gave it back, so I never finished it
Why only londas and grade school bully asking to follow on ig all the time pls why can't someone nice request to follow me
My freshman year of high school I was a cheerleader and was bullied by the girls on the team because they thought I was lying about my mom having cancer
Michael Jordan was an adult bully, herbing grown man on the basketball court all day long!
Girls who bullied me in high school be looking at my ig stories when they don’t follow me.
Everyone in the comments sayin they would bully armys like we wouldn’t be the most popular ppl in the school that y’all wished to be like
anyone who's ever stood up to a bully in school knows it when they see it, you might put up with abuse for years and the first time you defend yourself they go straight to a teacher and you get suspended oldest trick in the book for those types
Even the other billionaire kids are going to bully him. He'll be in a school full of Robert the Thirds, Thads, and Remingtons.
This girl that I was playing against started to say mean things about my appearance and I have had my share of rude bitches but its always been in person. It brought me back to being bullied and made me feel 15 again everything that I thought would be left in high school...
these are bullies these are high school fucking bullies
lightskin bitches think being bullied in high school equates to the discrimination and oppression darkskin girls get and I’m tired. Get the fuck over yourself
School yard bully BS
I feel like its the same thing as the old bullying rule in school where they say if you don't stop the bully, you're just as bad, however just like that situation I don't think they intentionally protect bad cops. They really don't have a choice. I respect those that quit.
Like seriously you are fucking disgusting. Grow the fuck up. Your vulgar words can go somewhere else you fucking sick prick.
this is honestly my safe space since I went to high school I was being bullied and nobody wanted to be my friend because I was the fcking fat girl and it seems like this isn't even my safe space now
I always think about that guy who said he was bullied by him back in school, bullies are always bullies
ANTIFA TERRORISTS TEACHING SCHOOLS! Kids are being taught to have a political opinion that is skewed, teachers are inciting violence. They target conservative students at schools, allow other students to bully and harass. They will call CPS and make false claims
Nah they kept it real all the through white guy white ranger white girl being the pink ranger and the blue ranger looked like a cop that got bullied in high school. It all works
I went to high school with a girl who bullied all my girl friends, and is now doing modeling in New York as the "tallest girl in America", so you might of heard of her. But she had the gull to say "oh, I was bullied because of my height" bitch, you bullied girls and drank all day
In Junior High school, I was probabably the most unpopular girl there! My mother used to dress me in dresses past my knees, horn-rimmed glasses, and knee socks. I was harrassed, and bullied.....DAILY! The other girls in my class wore age appropriate attire. Not me
you're like the school nerd everyone likes to bully
soppy af.. but ive gone from leaving high school feeling so alone with no friends, &amp; being so terrified coming to an all girls school cos girls bullied me in school to now making new friendships, going a girls holiday this year &amp; ive become comfortable in myself.. im so lucky
She looks like all the girls that bullied me in high school
Grown man leave the streets alone because as a child he realize don’t streets ain’t got no love for em. But then grown man that’s in them streets nie was just bully in school and now they mad
This girl I went to high school with posted that she was bullied for being white but in reality people didn’t like her because she was a pathological liar and fake af. I’m glad to see she hasn’t changed since high school.
She filled out 2 report sheets, and nothing was done until the 3rd one. Her bully, harassed her in and out of school constantly. And when she asked her bully why he bullied her for 7 years, he said, “I don’t know” and shrugged. Most of the students, truthfully didn’t care at all.
All of my high school bullies started off as crushes because the degradation of black girls starts early. I’m not even gonna lie, I think that carried into my love for villains because I got so used to men I was attracted to being horrible to me.
this girl that bullied me in high school marrying this ugly guy that slid in my dms
As a young black girl, I was bullied relentlessly for having a diverse group of friends. She just reminds me of the some of the black girls who bullied me daily walking to junior high.
This interview with trump reminds me of my grade school playground and a certain know-it-all bully who could not stop pretending he knew what he was talking about. Our temporary president has less than 100 days, so hopefully he will not have to keep pretending for much longer.
wow ppl in high school really just let me be a band kid and didn’t bully me or anything
Some people vote for President of the United States like they’re voting for President of their High School. They’re picking the bully who ran as a joke but they find his watching TV on the job while flipping off teachers, janitors, and other students amusing so they roll with it.
I joined the military the day Iraq invaded kuwait in high school I fought bullies. Yes I'm pro American &amp;anti fascists i killed Iraqi soldiers oppressing the freedoms of humans. I have no remorse i wore an smerican uniform and fought a foreign enemy ill fight a domestic one too.
When I was in high school I got bullied for my lips (forest gump just came out). Was not until I was older and found out that girls like my lips. Was bullied for jealousy so I’m happy now.
I got bullied in middle school for having long hair and looking like a girl from the back. And being in the marching band in high school
i unlocked goku powers because if my primary school bully, one day the jita pushed me and i entered some pacquiao combo in the homies stomach and his nose started bleeding. i felt elite ngl. nobody touched me ever since
hailey baldwin is the type of girl who bullied you in high school and now messages you like “hey hun! ” asking if you want to get involved in her herbalife pyramid scheme
Don’t let those who try to intimidate you with unintelligent and aggressive approaches try to bully you about a decade after high school get to you...they’re losing at life. #BeKind
Leah Someone bullied me and my friends on royale high they kept insulting me and my friends for no reason they even said they like bullying i even had to write down their users i even have photo proof those two girls they were being starcastic about being scared of matt those two
My childhood bully literally ruined my sisters and my relationship with each other. Now she’s the girl who talks about her experiences being bullied etc just cos karma got her back in high school. Sorry hun but I can’t feel sorry for you
Tw weight// My dad and mom used to agressively bully me. They would mock me for eating, make fun of me to my friends and people at school (they were part of the PTA in elementary). It got to the point where I wore long sleeves and pants all of the time because -
The herd of girls that bullied me in junior high worse these. Triggered.
Now the NY Yankees say they invited Dr. Fauci to throw a pitch, but never invited dtrump to throw one. Hateful school yard bully dtrump lied to America again when he lied at press conference that he was going to throw a pitch in August. He lied again Monday about canceling it
Chris Rock said this best, the world needs bullies in schools fam. I know it sounds radical but if your kids don't get a whiff of the fact that there are arseholes in life then they can't thrive.
These people make me sick Do they seriously think only the transphobic bullies would get hurt in a fucking school shooting ? It's a rampage, not a contract kill
On the subway Me: *absent-mindedly cracks knuckles High school girl sitting across from me, to her friend: Do you crack your knuckles? Her friend: no Girl: Me neither, I think it’s DISGUSTING *gives me side-eye and sashays off the train ...I think I just got bullied by a child??
High school was... Something. I got bullied in my first year, I got to experience what it was like to have a boyfriend, and it was the time where I came to realization that I don't only like boys, I also like girls.
Primary school kids wouldn’t put up with his shitty bully boy behaviour, he’d get thrown out.
realizing all of this has been depressing as fuck for me. i've been bullied, i've been hurt. im angry. im tired of these mean girls. i don't want to sit with them at lunch. can we grow past high school please? i just want to solve puzzles and do stuff.
Support your local middle school bullies
Every girl who bullied me in high school is now making that annoying brand of cursive font Instagram crafts
Lady: “I hope you’re not offended but I love your widows peak.” BRO!!! Yes I’m offended!! You know how many girls bullied me over my widows peak in high school!??? PTSD, girl bye!!!! But rly thank u love u anyway
A girl who bullied me in high school reached out to me about 1:1 poli ed sessions &amp; whew. I’m really about to help radicalize my high school bully using (in part) a text written by somebody who broke my heart. &amp; I am not in shambles.
All the girls who bullied me in high school wanna be friends now &amp; it’s weird
Ah, yes, the school bully experience
Seeing skinny popular girls who bullied me in High School listening to Lizzo, like NO THIS ISN’T FOR U
Apparently unable to bully them, he dashed to the mics yesterday with his “revised” school policy The Maryland school attended by President Trump’s son, Barron, will not fully reopen in September out of concern over #coronavirus https://nyti.ms/3hvT6Pe @nytimes #Kakistocracy
How long will it take b4 students realize that threatening to/or removing a face mask can be used as... (1) a weapon to bully other students (2) a weapon against other students in a fight (3) a weapon to threaten personal harm 2 school staff. Thoughts? @UFT #COVIDー19 #NYC
I had it when I was at school, kids calling me gay because apparently I sound a bit effeminate. Then I grew to be 6’2” and 18 stone and people don’t tend to try to bully me any more. I’m a big softy whose bark is worse than his bite. But they don’t know that.
30 going on 13, a story about retribution and revenge against grade school bullies. Now I’m obsessed with this idea. I can think of multiple movies about kids aging up into adults and hijinks ensue, but can’t think of any of adults going back to younger selves...
9. Haiyaa!! ;) one of my senior from high school!! She's chill af and very fun person to hang out together :))and sometimes i bully her haha//no Tons of Godlike drawings,, like- How do you do thatt?? ;_; you're an amazing artistt and i worship you
This gave me chills. Not good ones. It was like seeing all the school bullies that you'd out out of your mind, for years and then realising that they were still out there, trying to sell you double glazing, or shit cars.
It doesn't mean anything to any of you no matter what he does! He really truly cares and you all are like a bunch of high school gossip girl bullies!! It just shows your character and what means most to you in life! Yet defend the destruction and violence of the Democrats! Sick!
Not the girl who bullied me throughout junior high/hs who became a cop posting about the two officers who died bc of this and saying all lives matter girl, fuck you. Do better
When the girls that bullied you in high school gay now remember me sis?
It was a wild time for an androgynous young girl forcing herself to be super feminine, I can tell you that. I spoke with an unnaturally high pitched voice for a couple years after that bullying. Didn't get bullied anymore but sure sounded worse.
As I guy who was bullied throughout high school; it's also long hair. They have a checklist with a singular item on it. If you've got long hair, must be a girl.
I just realised that all the girls that bullied me in middle/high school are all single moms now
anyone want to start going to my school to tag along with me and my friend so my friend can bully you and consequently you and my friend will fall in love? her name is niamh, she's 17, 5'1, pansexual and wants a s/o that bullies her while she bullies them.
Last night I dreamed that I became friends with my elementary school bully. Its cuz I felt bad for her because she had a baby with a frog. Upgrades, people, upgrades.
Just found out that the white girl who bullied me all throughout high school is now pretending to care about black lives. Some people are shameless, y'all.
I was bullied for being a "girl" in the sense I wasn't a very masculine dude and I was very sensitive. Then in high school and after, I was body shamed for being skinny and not having things like a six pack.
Why you home school. Don't have to worry about confused kid on sexual orientation, boys following your girls to bathroom. No bullies,
You pst a single ass pic to your public Instagram and now boys that bullied me in middle school and high school are in my DMs Please sir go away if you ain’t my crush or any pretty girl I really don’t care
those are Bullies high school bullies
I was bullied relentlessly by a bunch of black girls in high school because I sound and act white. Like.... binch I may be nice but I'll still snatch that weave off your head. They were the worst part of my day.
the girl that bullied me in high school is working at a movie theater selling popcorn to me HAHAHAHAHA
It's normal for school bullies
I made the mistake of wearing sweatpants to school back in middle school. I was already picked on for being the tallest and gangly as hell. Long story short, my bullies decided to pants me. Jokes on them though as they got a black eye.
i’m so happy the girls who bullied the shit out of me in high school are ugly now lmfaoooo sucks for YOU, i didn’t forget and obviously karma didn’t either
(tbh i was surprised to find i was friends with this girl on facebook in the first place because she bullied me in high school lmao)
meanwhile in my hometown, the girls with confederate flag tattoos who bullied me in Racist Mascot high school who then became nurses are shitting themselves over this. (idk for sure bc i blocked them on fb ages ago but i can only imagine.)
me: i’m gay girl who bullied me in high school: you’re cute (: me:
What if I see girls that bullied me in high school there again
this wendy would bully me at school and i would ended up having a crush on her i just know it
@DevinDelacruz32 I'm at school you fucking tool
I will fight the bully for him in middle and high school istg
This is what happens when girls who bullied you in high school become nurses
They're the same jocks and bullies from school. With a badge.
The girl who bullied me in junior year of high school got into a car crash
All the boys in the school are gay and all the girls (expect for one) are homophobic bcuz the ‘hot guy’ in the school likes this one guy so the girls bullies the other guy so he can stop hanging out with the ‘hot guy’........... HOW WAS UR DAY TODAY????
omg i just saw ariana in the streets and she poured her starbucks all over me called me fatty and shat on my shoe i’m changing my account shes a HIGH SCHOOL BULLY bye guys
Hang in there, Luca. It will pass (really!), even if right now it doesn't feel like it. When people are bullies, all they're doing is showing the world who THEY are, not who YOU are. Stay strong, and I hope you can get your school to sort it out. x
One of the girls who bullied me in Jr. High got shot.
Yeah, saying "Pretty please" to the bully totally worked for me in grade school.
I mean, for real High school me? Young closeted LGBT+ bullied girl who loved classic rock, music, wrote hundreds of lyrics, played piano, and sang?? Is it really such a surprise that I utterly loved Glee???? And that such a school club could've helped me loads?????
It's putzes like Yoho that can't stand women with balls. Typical school yard bully.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7ny.com/5833801/?ex_cid=TA_WABC_FB&amp;utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&amp;utm_medium=trueAnthem&amp;utm_source=facebook
My daughter beat the crap out of one kid that bullied her (on the way home, so no suspension), But she changed schools in high school, because her bully had too many friends. She still hates that girl, even though it’s been more than 20 years.
He’s acting like a a grade school wimp hiding behind a bully ( scheer ). He’s a huge disappointment. Too bad.
So I've often arrived early to pick up my son from school partly because he has a bully and recess his is last class. Provided me an opportunity to discretely watch my son without alerting his bully. Now in the MANY hours I watched I swear to god never once was an 1/2
It honestly looks like a bunch of little pussies playing army dress-up. These guys wouldn’t last 10 minutes with an actual trained and equipped fighting force. Even the bullies I knew in high school didn’t beat up girls — totally unarmed girls who are trying to avoid a fight.
That was dealing with school bullies he wrote down what other heroes did with their powers but doesn't practice and i don't mean push ups i mean aim response time techniques just writing notes without experimenting yourself won't help and is just a dream.
ghurl this boy... i wanna bully him at 8th grade fall in love throughout high school and then have him humiliate me in college &lt;/3
The Bully in School that I took a Hockey Stick to when I snapped just sent me a friend request
Trump reminds me of the dudes in school w/"daddy's money" who used to bully me. Only, most of them no longer have daddy's money &amp; are married to miserable plastic people who pretend they have a perfect life for Insta &amp; Fb. Meanwhile, they in my DMs, "Kiley, I always liked you!"
I feel like Steve Mnuchin is what happens when you don’t bully the nerds in high school enough because then they get governmental finance jobs and tell you that you being alive costs too much
My Lad was bullied at school by a Bully who was a Girl, I told the teachers and her parents that if she did it again, he had my full support if he choose to hit back. I said to him if she hits you, let her it once, then Slap her, walk away. You have to stand up to Bullies.
You look like one of them hoes that would bully me in school
expose thread on @hobiipretty she says the word &lt;gurl&gt; for fun AND is a high school bully
y am i attracted to girls who look like they would’ve bullied me in high school
I never went through anything as traumatic as this girl did, but I was bullied a lot in junior high, a bit in high school - adults (teachers etc) saw &amp; did NOTHING. It's still a problem in schools today https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/1236450084079968257 #MeToo #Bullying #PublicSchools #SexualAssault
I still can’t believe I was bullied and harassed by other girls MOMS when I was in high school. That was wild
Now you sound like a toddler. Step down from school yard bully. Keep going.
thank you. Biggs is and always will be the bully in high school, picking on the smart kids.
All these people are like “these are the girls that bullied me in high school appropriating emo style” ... YOURE AN ADULT THEY WERE IN KINDERGARTEN THEY WERENT BULLYING YOU !! LET HIGHSCHOOLERS WHERE WHATEVER THE FUCK THE WANT we were all cringey too
They’re like the high school pretty girl who means well sitting on the sideline getting bullied.
His own over inflated ego. Trump is such a liar just like a small school yard bully saying anything he thinks might make him seem important.
Congressperson: "You are mean! You're a big bully! You eat vanilla ice cream! You like steak! You cheated on an Algebra test in high school!!.." Barr: "Em, well.." Congressperson: "I take my time back. You kick puppies!"
You're one of the bullies lmao. All though you haven't done it as much in recent years compared to middle school and high school lol
wish I knew about rice water in middle school when niggas use to bully me for being "baldheaded"
In reality there are lots of decent police officers. The sad reality is that in every group there are some who aren’t decent & create havoc & despair for others they deal with. Same as most school principals are decent but a minority are bully sociopaths who end targets careers
Again, 45’s only means to get his way are to bluff, bully, extort, bribe, or lie. So am I surprised he is a) lying about risk level while b) holding school $over everyone’s head unless they risk their kids’ lives? For HIS benefit? NOPE!
and when we end up teaching at the same school and you bully me in the hallway
oof- people bully me at school bc of my weight, idc tho but I'd rather lose weight than be bullied at school everyday (honestly, I hate it)
florence pugh reminds me of this girl in high school that gave me mixed signals and i’m pretty sure bullied me behind my back
My apologies
All the talk about how bad bullies are and how bad bullying is is useless when your whole school is a bully!! .
I witnessed a similar scene in high school where this bully guy got into a fight with a girl like this one in the video. Luckily he wasn't stripped of his clothes but this girl went for a tight grip an the jewels and tightened for every blow from the guy. Can't forget the day
The same woman who whined about high school kids in MAGA hats being bullied is now bullying a 16 year old girl. #Hypocrite
these are bullies high school bullies
Who gives AF how many followers someone has? All that matters is the vote. You sound like a middle school girl.
10 yrs ago school I taught at had an ex Secret Service guy train us on school safety. Re bullies &amp; victims: victims often don’t come forward. Re Rothlisberger &amp; one of the women who accused him of sexual assault, she withdrew her complaint bc of death threats from fans.
TAKE ACTION: Stand Up To The Bathroom Bullies! https://www.votervoice.net/Shares/BfYPSA0cACnWLAiG9yO7EAA
Yet liberal teachers will receive good portion of the $105B & if the government spent $5B of that fund on installing virus defeating technology systems ( yes they do exist) in schools those environments would be totally sterile, teachers would have no excuses &amp; we’d save $100B
I used to get bullied in middle/high school because I wasn’t interested in tryna mack on girls in my classes. I would be teased/called “gay” for it. Kinda traumatizing when your naive family members joking about it triggers you because of how hard it was to find your place in HS.
can’t sleep thinking about the fact that if four freshmen decided to form a girl group called the cheetah girls in high school they probably would’ve been bullied irl
Allot of these young girls who grew up without a father and sometimes with a bitter mother dont know who they're race wise gender wise religion wise , they're the product of failed Somali American family structure and brainwashed bullied in high school .
Bangle thought she might be hailed as a superstar but unfortunately for her Alia and Taapsee stole the limelight. No wonder she can't stand both of them. Even high school bullies show more maturity!!
Yep, whole community is cliquey and toxic as fuck. Lots of bullies out there. Removed myself from that whole scene like 4 years ago, if you're a mom I follow then I fwu but I'm not a part of any cliquey debating drama bullshit. So middle school
can't wait for the day i off myself and have all the girls who bullied me in high school write statuses pretending we were mates and then preach mental health awareness lmao
Just like what we're taught in schools: obey the laws; stand up to bullies.
I went to James Madison High School in Brooklyn. Schumer pretends we’re all bullies and fools like him? Bullies like him. Bully magents like me. No reason to fight a bully unless you need to. Schumer has overstepped and should pay a price. Dems turned from nasty to evil
These dudes drew pics of vaginas and fingers and put them in my locker for weeks. I was so confused and embarrassed. I thought I was a gentleman for not bragging and supposed to get high 5s from friends. Instead I was bullied by 2 closeted gay men for hooking up with a girl
OMG the peeps are such bullies to Jamie hiding his clothes lmao, what is this, school camp? #BachelorInParadiseAU
Is no exception. Bullies were around, but you know what? We grew up and some of them are my closest friends. Immaturity makes us do silly things. Adulting matures us all. TBH, I’d relive my Saintz days - good and bad - now accepting that life is like High School afterall...(3/3)
Is that the girl that I bullied in high school? She's smokin hot!!!
I cannot wait for all of the normie girls in my school to jump on this bandwagon now even tho I got bullied for hanging onto MySpace music and listening to revenge all through high school
love seeing a hurricane named after my middle school bully
The people who used to bully me in middle/high school are congratulating me
This mv surprisingly has a lot of source truth.... Main girl playing the video game recently came out as bullied by the girl who flies as an angel at 2:56. As you can see, the bullied girl rapidly gives her energy to the bully who flies high like entities.
boutta become the school bully. i am not a no jam safe space
Or she’s that girl that bullied you in high school who really wanted to become a nurse but dropped out of nurse school to become a lifestyle influencer (thank goodness for that, she’d be a nightmare nurse)
I was in my early 40s. I'd been through a lot. I was done berating myself and being that scared, bullied girl in high school. I did everything I could. TV interviews, newspaper interviews, spent hours upon hours on social media (FB), spent money I didn't have on marketing.10/
Oh, look, we're back in grade school with the bully and the popular girl calling each other names.
alissa violet rlly said "it's everyday bro w the same bully flow bully at school now your bullying your bro" and set the standard for the entire year of 2017
·˚✎𝚎𝚕𝚞𝚜𝚒𝚟𝚎 [ #YUTA x reader filo au ] 概要 || Yuta was bullied all throughout high school. His family was a mess and in conclusion, he lived a miserable life. But what happens when he meets Liu Yeaji, the girl that made his heart beat like crazy.
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ expressions vastly changing with enthusiasm, 〝 really !？ I could go to work with you ？ And work on projects with you？i could do school there ! 〞those bully caused tears drying up quick, 〝 do i get to know about new project . . . 〞 ⠀⠀ ( con ' t )
So a person with an elementary school bully mentality? We are the laughing stock of the world right now.
HIGH SCHOOL FOCKEN BULLIES
oh so the girls who bullied me in high school are lana stans now
You are 100% damn right i would run you over, i would not give you the care and respect to drive slow like that guy did, you are part of the reason that this world is so full of hate and hurting you is like punching the school bully
refreshing moment today: realizing I have substantially more followers on Instagram than a girl that bullied me in high school
These girls bullied me in high school no lie
this is a high thought but how did Hey Arnold not get bullied for his freakishly shaped head? Like that one girl called him Football Head but everyone else was chill af about it. You know if that was real life we'd all be calling him Nerf Head and shit. I'm also drunk.
Jackbooted thugs hired by the school yard bully with small hands.
Can she help the district she represents instead of trying to bully the president with middle school tier insults???
only-book-lovers-left-alive: spidergirleddie: repost-this-image: shortace: eruvadhril: bemusedlybespectacled: So, I had the enormous privilege of actually listening to the private recording of a girl who bullied me in high school, as in a...
elle, my high school bully &lt;/33
I was bullied a lot in school and college. Then one day I lashed out, and how! The bullies left me alone and ignored me after I gave them back in the language they knew.
Those are people who never had to deal with a bully in school. I did. I was a scrawny kid. Had a birth defect &amp; heart surgery at 4. Took me a years to catch up in growth. But not determination. At 12, I changed schools &amp; had to fight the bully. Beat her badly. They left me alone.
I remember I got bullied when I was a kid and in high school. All the name calling and threats, almost getting jumped and stupid fights for no reason. But I was a strong little girl and I had family/friends who helped me out, thats what the difference was. #StopBullying
Small town culture is the girl who relentlessly bullied you in high school trying to send you a friend request on Facebook almost a decade later
I hate when dudes from middle school slide in my DMs like “you glo’d up” Like nigga didn’t you bully me in 7th grade
Tall Girl is literally stupid...I was 6’0 in high school and my height? Not something I was bullied for
I remember our entire third-grade class weaponizing “Have You Seen the Ghost of a John” because it was our only line of defense against the school bully.
.@Ashton5SOS if i ever meet the girl who bullied me in my old high school and she says "hii Lucia" i'm just gonna say "i don't recognize you" "but i'm Sarah Heinrich!" "but i don't know who you are!" "i'm from Faith Bible!" "you went there? i didn't know" XDD
She followed up with “I mean - you look like a mean girl! Like, you def would’ve bullied me in high school” ok???
Think I can account for most/ every girl who went to balshaw’s in saying that at least once in high school we felt bullied/ singled out by these girls. It’s a shame how much a bad personality ruins a pretty face.
Are they short of money? Are just acting like bullies in school.
I bet you made fun of kids in grade school learning to read. I bet when they would stutter on a word you would laugh. Why are you so bitter? Why did you say something about misspelled words? #bully
this girl looks like the type who bullied people in high school but then decided to be a nurse because “oh my GOD! i’m SUCH an empath!”
A girl who basically bullied my in high school just got arrested for possession of heroin. Her mugshot is the best picture I’ve ever seen in my life. Thank you karma.
It’s always been my natural instinct to defend those being ganged up on or bullied lmaoo .. I was like this in high school &amp; as a kid. Like girl boo fuck them hoes u could come chill w/ me baby
Bullying has to stop in every way.. I was bullied out of high school for being overweight only the girls too well least the boys liked me lol I was miss Healy cricket beat them boys
yea imagine the child going through bullies at school...
never noticed mine until middle school bullies traumatized
I hear people say “I was bullied when I was a kid and I turned out ok”. We didn’t have Internet as kids and dealt with one or two bullies at school. With the Internet, it’s like going to 30 or more schools with one or two bullies each.
Man, really bringing that big 00s energy. Sad you had to leave high school and couldn't bully people anymore cause you were to dumb to join the police?
@EmmaandEllie_ What doesn’t make sense &amp; there was a girl in Florida who a youtuber. Her school didn’t mind her Vlog at all at the school. I truly think that Emma high school for real cross the line with you. Emma shouldn’t build walls because she getting bullied.
Yes tall girls get bullied, finally a show I will watch. I got bullied all through high school and it was awful, I hated myself. I was made to believe I'd never find a boyfriend. I was physically attacked with someone knuckling me on my spine. Now there are comments such as..
All these Girls’ High girls going hard for Jill, but I heard she hated GHS because she got bullied lol.... I mean I still love me a Girls High girl now.
Hey Luca, it doesnt seem like it now but in years to come you will look back and see how insecure bullies actually are. I was bullied after my dad died when I was 12 and it made me very unhappy. I hope you can find a school/ class with a nicer set of kids. Dallas sends a hug xx
i hate bitches who wanna be “mean girls” in college like bitch i’m sorry they bullied you in high school
the girls who bullied you in high school are the same ones who repost quotes on vsco about being “kind” and “the bigger person”
#joysms I must admit I thought the promises were part of the political talk nut there was a level 0f sincerity in his tone. Aunt Nana Kane sure made Bawumia sound like a school yard bully ..
Forgive yourself for being a high school bully. Say sorry to those you've wronged. You were product of your time. You've changed for the better.
Track down that bully from high school &amp; show him a side-by-side comparison of how our lives turned out...... or straight up kick him in the dick. Not sure, I'll have to read the room.
People like @Care2much18 are coming online to bully teachers with name-calling &amp; mocking concerns that they have. I have always supported a full-time return to school for staff &amp; a part-time return (half days) for ALL students to end of October &amp; FT thereafter if safe.... 1/n
Cassidy Trevan was bullied relentlessly by a group of girls when she was in Year 7 at a public high school in Melbourne’s south east in 2013.
You look like an aryan girl who would have bullied me in high school for having ethnic features only to get into the EDM scene after she flunked out of college and now acts fake woke with her new hippie friends
on today’s episode of “i wish i didn’t tweet cuz the annoying girls who bullied me in high school won’t leave me alone again” :’(
high school fucking BULLIES
tbf the only tall girl I knew at high school was definitely bullied to all hell explicitly for being tall. I was one of the bullies for a few years
That’s an absolute NO from my family! The first thing y’all did was start calling the governor childish, school yard names! It reeks too much if the idiot in the WH! You are both bullies! NO! NO! NO!
The same girls that Who bullied me in high school are now asking me for a job
Tried watching Tall Girl on Netflix but turned it off after they said she is 6'1 1/2". She's being bullied that bad? She towers over all the other male students in a HIGH SCHOOL? What kind of dwarf HS does this bitch attend? Nobody would have BLINKED at this chick at mine.
Sometimes I think about all the boys who used to bully me in school but then I remember how they’d all walk around holding up their biceps saying “boom boom FIREPOWERRR”
This is bad! This grown man! talking like some Ahole high school bully! He is disgusting! this country is going off the rails.
All the fat girls that got bullied are now on high demand because social media labels them as ‘thick’.
The girl that bullied me in high school probably wore size 13 nikes
my one and only goal is to live longer than my old school bully so that i can piss on his grave
Can’t wait to tell my kids that I met their dad in school but he used to bully me
idk how im on this side of tiktok but. the praise house kids are wild. sexy dances for jesus. those are the kind of girls who bullied me in middle and high school
Nurses are all the mean girls at high school and cops are are the white dudes that bullied ppl
My school had plenty of favorites and bullies and the administration did nothing.
why can’t she just leave the group . trainees that have had bullying scandals whilst they were in high school don’t get a chance to debut and this girl bullied someone for 10/11 years and her excuse is that she’s “lacking” hun it’s more than lacking
thr STRUGGLE OMG it most have been terrible! when in school i was mainly friends with white boys [cut most them off] and i knew they’d bully tf outta me if they saw (some already knew and would make fun of me for it) kpop stans cant live in PEACE
I’m a WW who was weird and awkward in high school. These girls bullied me, too. (Not comparing, just sharing for solidarity). It’s disturbing but not surprising to see how many of them have ended up in corporate media.
Portland is now my favorite city. They stood up against the orange bully and chased him off the school yard.
It's the quarantine. School are closed. Baby bullies are running around and people are bored. It's tiring.
"Come on George! Charging that machine gun nest may mean death for us, but I'll be damned if I'm not willing to give my all so that someday children can be given sex changes, communists can run our schools, Negros can burn down our cities, and gays can bully Christian bakers"
my gay awakening was probably the girl i kissed in 4th grade but i was bullied so bad in grade school that we repressed that real quick and did not address my gayness again until high school
Poor dr. there must of been some mean girls that bullied her during high school for being a nerd and geek. Just embrace your nerdiness I know I did.
i want less d*kota j*hns*n on my tl she looks like a girl that bullied people in high school
I dont know who owns him but apparently his mama didnt raise him right. From the way he runs the state, he was probably the school bully
In the story at some point the person that had it changed school so everyone thought they got rid of it forever until some bullies make the protag friend eat it. It's been so long so i don't remember if everything later finds out about it or nah?
Yesterday, I saw one of my high school bullies in the park walking his dog. I’ve been back in my home town for 4 months now and haven’t really seen too many people, but I’ve seen this guy a few times. I know I keep… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDJttc6DFrC/?igshid=3v30l567fmpu
@TheView seriously, something has to give. Meghan is nothing but a mean-girl. High school bully who has a job because she’s riding on her father’s career and name. Your loyal fans deserve better than a co-host who attacks guest and her co-host. You’ve fired host in the past......
Wearing protective clothing to school because classrooms are full of violent kids who ought to be in specialized programs. Kids who arrive hungry everyday. Who don’t have resources to do their homework. Who face abuse at home. Kids who bully others. Couldn’t pay me enough.
One time a girl that bullied me in high school tweeted about how she had a bully in high school and it was the most confusing day of my life
Not one of my middle school bullies liking me on hinge
every girl that bullied me and my friends in middle/high school became a nurse i s2g
You got it - it was his dear mentor of a dad. Don't be a wimp, son!! Stand up to those school bullies by becoming rich and being an even bigger bully!!... London Calling...
same girl that bullied me everyday in high school now posts “motivational” shit on her story like fuck offffff
shit the boy i talk to was apparently my senior in junior high school plus he got a sister whose apparently one of the girls that bullied me back then because i was a douche oh i hate life :( he was fun to talk to :( now i gotta leave or shit will be so awkward bye :’(
Seen the girl who bullied me in school for the first time in 4 years last night. I didn’t panic, instead I walked past with my head held high smiling because I know I’m doing something with my life and I’m happier than I’ve ever been :) the goodies always win!
@MattMiazga3 you were a bully in school right?
I was never a bully and I was never bullied. I am tough enough to stick it to anyone who dared talk to me in such a fashion. Apparently they bullied my best mate in primary school if I had seen that or knew that, I would have kicked those bullies arses. I don't get it. Scumbags.
I see a little girl scared of the wave of attention over a Very Real Assault recanting to Make It All Go Away out of trauma. A long time ago in when I was bullied in high school, I did the exact same thing.
I agree. It's so frustrating that children being bullied continue to be the victims even once it's made known. They are expected to toughen up, fight back, change schools. They are not the problem, the bully is. Yet they get the pleasure of being looked at " kids will be kids".
"Hi, you are my breeding stock and cock sleeve now."
I was bullied too. Hated it, this one girl in high school picked on me in 6th grade and from then on.
These are the kids that graduated from being the "Big Bully" in High School and College! This is how they get their hatred out now!
“There comes a time in your life when you realize all of your heart break was because of your parents... not some boy you didn’t even care about or the bullies at school. The only people that mattered were them... and not even they cared.”
i knew jennie was very me even tho jisoo is my bias the day i found out about that fake rumour that said jennie bullied girls and threw a juice box at one in high school nnnn
I remember when I was young, I dreamed I had one the size of a bus as a pet. He ate the bullies that were mean at school (in the dream.) ^^
Ok Ik I am not the only one so do y’all’s nails also grow really long and fast and in school people would always bully you for having naturally long nails and tell you to cut them all then time because same......
I have seen bullying in my elementary school and I was the one who stood up against bullies. Then in Junior high I was bullied by this one girl, but I stood up to her and eventually she got beat up by a friend of mine XD
The second drama is MBS drama "Homeroom" based on psycho-love-comedy drama about a high schoo girl who bullied daily but she can hold it because her beloved sensei always there for her. He will play a popular sensei who has a secret. Starts on January 23. #ホームルーム #山田裕貴
Hang on there Luca. Bullies rarely have nice life after school.
Anyone can be bullied. I was picked on for being pale, I was constantly being hit, they threw gum at me and called ghost...stupid shit like that. A tall girl, 6 foot at least was called Sasquatch and they threw milk at her to see who could get her head. High school is hell.
Like the girls who bullied me in high school who post quotes on instagram about being kind to people.
Dear Luca Don't be disheartened that bullying has happened again to you. None of this is your fault. Bullies are pathetic creatures who need to be stopped now. Schools need to be forced to take responsibility. Let Dad take care of that. Hope &amp; love to you.
straightplus: No one: Girl who bullied you in high school: https://tmblr.co/ZheD8e2meopsm
girls who bullied me in high school are lactose intolerance now and im cop
These celebrities are like those bullies in school that would taunt two kids to fight each other while they sat back and enjoyed the power they had over them.
Ok but why does he look like hes meant to be the high school bully in an old disney show
Proof that sexuality isn't a choice. The girl who bullied me the most in early high school is the same one I ended up having a crush on. Go figure.
using her power to intimidate her opponent,, belittling them,, accusing them of clout chasing,,, > _ school bully with a massive platform
I hated getting bullied in high school girls always saying “ohhh there he good with that big ass dick “ “or ohh he couldn’t fit that in me I’d rip apart” they really hurt my feelings @TheEllenShow
@realchristianob I bet you thought getting bullied by girls would stop after high school
lissen vast majority of people dont go all in into defending high schools theyve already graduated from, usually because most people have a life theyve moved on with. Also this is about the same mood as popular bully girls who say HS was a great experience
the anime stans think we’re cheerleaders like “go team!” and the popular girls who bullied them in high school and are blonde and white and wear heels to school
I had my own maths teacher. A brahmin married to M. Family disowned totally. Husband piece of shit & son turned out to be the same (2 yrs senior than us), resorted to being a bully, routinely getting her humilitated in school. They know still they go. Lust is a powerful factor.
I literally did not get pulled by my goth boots down those granite high school stairs between class periods by my bullies for y’all to be mad that you didn’t discover The Cure until you went on tumblr in 2011
That's American Blood fighting for US. Brave 3% Milk curdle when met with equal or greater force like a school bully getting his ass whipped.
The bullies I encountered in secondary school PE was ALWAYS the teachers tbh
Louis is a bully, has been since he bullied a gay guy in school for being gay, and his fans take after him, unfortunately.
Fam you used to bully me in middle school for my lunchables you are intimidating
this girl who bullied me in high school somehow found my Twitter even tho we have no mutuals lol
yeah i know he just assumes that although theres been multiple times and even when i only ate one meal id skip all the others even at school just cause he’d relentlessly bully me for my appearance like i was so committed at a young age to become anorexic dssjsj
Yeah I was bullied in high school. A girl used to pull my hair in assembly, years later she had the nerve to add me on fb. I accept just to see if she had changed and sadly no. You can't change a bully. The only thing you can change is yourself, success was my form of revenge
OMG! I was forever ostracized for "talkin' like a White girl" . and my brother was bullied every day until High School. P.S. Living in a good area doesn't help because White Liberals bus the hood kids and destroy even the safest of schools.
Turns out the ghost of christmas past is actually the girls who bullied you into body dysmorphia in high school buying you shots and singing karaoke when you come home around the holidays
I've seen people in roleplays treat males horribly too. My own best friend has been called names and bullied in public Royale High servers by girls who "Hate guys"
If you were a serial killer who already has their list of targets, wouldn't you kill random people every so often just to "break the pattern" Example. If you targeted your highschool bullies, the police could identify "Oh these people went to the same high school same year"
he's original and just has Fucking skill. he left a stain in the game and him retiring hurts cuz he was the guy who introduced me to rap back in middle school. he spreads love and positivity and in this world full of negativity and bullies that shit shines. amazing job @Logic301
Would this brainless retard that claims to be my father just hurry up and die?Â¿?Â¿??Â¿???
It’s sort of like “mean girls” of school days past. When they run out of outsiders to bully they turn on each other, because the root of it is that they’re angry, broken, and somewhat sadistic. The problem isn’t the people outside of your group, it’s you.
Plot twist, school bully shows up and beats every youtuber.
Yes! Middle school and high school mean girls are that evil these days too! Poor kids that get bullied become suicidal
Tall girl better be some comedy, high school satire shit bc you're gonna have a hard time convincing me that anyone bullied this thin, pretty, rich, white girl by calling her lebron
i’m gonna HURL a girl i went to high school with that bullied me got MARRIED and she’s not even 20 yet i can’t even IMAGINE EWWJFNFN
We were always the maid of honours of these school “weddings” and that was literally the norm. Even in high school, I would deffo get bullied for having short hair, and compared to other dark skin girls to see who’s prettier.
The drama isn’t what a girl wants. I want peace and love in my corner. I don’t like this bully bullshit. It’s lame to me we are not in high school.
... Repeat what she'd said. She was silent. The very next day, at school... My daughter received 3 apologies from this ring leader bully. Which she refused to accept. The next day this bully went out of her way to be nice. My daughter said it was like begging her to be friends..
If two parties take great glee trashing a charity and a woman just so that they can "own" Trudeau then there is something fundamentally wrong with the #CoNDP in their core. Are they grown adults or high school bullies? They can't delude themselves as good people for doing that.
honestly feel like most of them got bullied in school &amp; now they're taking it out on people who aren't "different enough" cuz they "deserve it" apparently.. but they're ironically becoming the bullies.
this goes to the ****** seniors, so much for preaching kindness and girl power when you fucking bullied me in high school
“UnLeSs iTs a WoMeN” stop normalizing abusive behavior of women. i literally got bullied by these “popular cocky pretty girls” in high school &amp; even hit. it was the most depressing time in my life. both men &amp; women who are abusive in real life are trash.
A girl who literally bullied me to a verge of tears every night in high school literally got a semicolon tattoo'd on her wrist talking about mental health. Bitch where is the logic
Like a tiny portion of dudes ever experience that, the same way that not every girl gets harshly bullied by 'the popular girls' at school. Real life is wayy different than the Twilight saga and High School Musical series lmfao
The same guys from high school who bullied black girls for being too dark/nappy headed go to college and revel in us “BLACK QUEENS”. Somehow black men had to degrade black women in their paths to “self-love” but not vice-versa. It’s a social performance and I won’t applaud.
A narcissistic girl made my life a literal hell in elementary school because I always had better grades than her and she wanted to surpass me. Later in high school another girl bullied me because I "stole" her man, duh
LOVE this recent slander of bully x victim pairings as someone who was severely bullied all throughout elementary and middle school i say a fuck to that dynamic
The girls who bullied me in high school are dating scooter boys now, I think I’m doing good lol
The girl on the date told him that she was majorly bullied in high school and ate lunch in the bathroom everyday....this is her as homecoming queen in the yearbook the girls this season are soooo psycho
They get enjoyment out of it. S has literally told me that it's "better than Netflix" and it just snaps me back to high school and how girls enjoyed bullying and then it makes me think... these girls are the ones that were bullied and have FINALLY got their chance to do it to
School and My Bully Experience : Frank Joseph Minichetti Three (3) million students are bullied each year! Have you or someone you know ever been bullied? If “YES”, School and My Bully Exp... https://whizbuzzbooks.com/school-and-my-bully-experience-frank-joseph-minichetti/?utm_source=TW&amp;utm_medium=Whizbuzz+%5BCopy%5D&amp;utm_campaign=SNAP
Because of this i ended up hating school. Oh and 4) most teachers I had were failures.they failed at what they wanted to do in life and ended up teaching (outside of primary school).not a single one of them wanted to be a teacher in high school.cuz of that they loved to bully
the only people i know that listen to call her daddy are girls that bullied me in high school
Sometimes I remember when I was 10 I sang Taylor swifts “love story” in the talent show at my elementary school. And the bully I had a crush on said, and I quote “you did pretty good Julie” and I replied with a scoff and a “yeah I know”.
straightplus: No one: Girl who bullied you in high school: https://tmblr.co/ZVkdFq2lNfqeB
my favorite thing about being a slut is how often all the husbands of the bitchy Christian school girls that bullied me in high school ask me for nudes because they all got married at 18 and hate their lives. I don’t facilitate, but still. #petty
half the girls i see on tinder look like they bullied me in high school
Well now, I have just had a friend request over on FB from the girl who bullied my sister for 5 years in high school and made her life a misery. What’s the protocol here? Stalk, torture, flame thrower?
ik I’m doin good when the girls who used to bully me in school try to be my friend now
Rowan Blanchard looks like the girls who bullied me in middle school and then adopted artsy alt aesthetics in high school as soon as they became popular
People in my country might bully someone but with just words but in america or other countries they take it too far at schools like how can someone be this merciless? Kids come up to me and tell me their experiences and it's scary af
It’s crazy how the “mean girls” in high school were legit bullies , now most than half got daughters and they always concerned bout bullies bitch I bet ! Because you were definitely a huge bitch to people for no reason . It’s gonna be karma if they are bullied I hope not though
Argh, THIS. PE for me was a space of body shaming, sexual agression from boys and physical agression from bullies. I would skip a whole day of school to avoid it, so it impacted not just my mental and physical health, but my overall educational attainment too.
At least I never had to worry about bullies and school shootings
I will say it again yesterday the world lost one of the best people I’ve ever met. He always made everyone around him laugh but his life was cut short thanks to a piece of shit high school bully. Please think before you speak words have consequences. LLJ may you rest In peace
wait if i'm pretty pos for saying people should get bullied and ur telling me u hope i get bullied would that would make u a pos too, ur just one of the girls on mc twitter who tries to compensate on the internet because they had no social life in high school
y’all really bullied girls in high school for being “crazy” as if that isn’t a turn on huh
Oh wow so sad angry people are everywhere I was bullied by some Hispanics girls in jr high, have been bullied by a higher up white adult women and was nothing but nice she just picked me out, because I guess I said good morning to her lol, simple life is the best
they think they're oppressed bc they got bullied for being emo in high school girl get a personality im begging u
Spreading “kindness” and “blm” when they themselves are the bullies and racist scumbags who literally made me want to end it all in secondary school, leaving life long body issues, mental health issues etc. And also spread a rumour that her ex (who happened to be black) hit her-
What’s funny to me is one of the most demonic girls from high school posts about being bullied to the point she’d cry but all I remember is her being the one to make other girls cry... #yshhtb
Went to tell my mom about my dream last night feat. middle school bullies (Get over it, brain! It's been more than 10 yrs!), and we ended up discussing the progression of my mental illnesses through high school and which back then therapists were helpful for what
I’m still confused that the conceit of this movie is that the tall, model-slim, white, rich blonde girl is the most bullied and misunderstood person at her high school
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school%3B confrontation over bullied daughter https%3A%2F%http://2Fwww.newsbreakapp.com%2Fn%2F0Nnw4OSA%3Fs%3Da2%26pd%3D01qXRR2Y
y'all are just a bunch of high school bullies !1!1!!!!!!
i had a dream that i was once again being harassed by the girls who bullied me in high school. it was very vivid and accurate! i feel great about myself today
being reminded that your middle school bullies are now ugly and boring
karin stop acting like a high school bully challenge
i still remember how my grandpa said that 'i didnt want to lose, and always wanted to win' because i never allowed anyone to bully me whenever i was in school because i always putted up a strong front. i know, its sounds fake but like alsnjabsj i sound so attention seeking, sorry
1. She could have done what she originally intended to do, and ignored the whole business, the way your mother always told you to ignore the school bully. But when he made that nasty, self-serving non-apology "apology, and tried to put her in the wrong, she wasn't having it.
You know all those tweets that went viral a while back that were like "lol all those girls who bullied me in high school are becoming nurses"? This is probably who they were talking about...
tell this to the girl that bullied me in high school
I am willing to bet that in high school @RepAOC was one of the mean girls who bullied and put down other girls. She has all the mannerisms and speech patterns of someone who would do that.
anyway who's going to let me write about my ONLY true passion? (girls who bullied you in high school but now love jesus and want you to 'join their team, work from home and build your dream life #girlboss'
Girls that were the mean girls in high school profiting off “women empowering women” is annoying because didnt y’all like bully any girl you came across that didn’t fit your “friend group”????
forgot my high school bullies were in my dream
if someone wants to be respected like an adult maybe they should act like an adult and not a middle school bully
Press release on the stupid as agenda but still no press release on how you profiled, bullied, and humiliated a Muslim high school girl? This is on national news and you’re silent. Nice to know that @OHSAA is run by nothing but spineless bigots.
Exactly like a school saying "you should just let the bully beat you". It's absolutely ridiculous that these riots weren't shutdown immediately. They've lasted for almost 2 months. Enough is enough.
Did you see the comments there? That was heart breaking. When I was in high school there was a girl that killed herself for being hazed and bullied. We all saw it but said nothing. That's why I can't keep quiet about this.
There's so much pain and wisdom in this thread. I was bullied constantly until I graduated from high school, and it took me many years to get over it, heal, and to start to see value in myself. You're better than your bullies, and better than you think you are. Trust me on this.
BULLY people and MAKE FUN of people. Were you even liked in elementary or high school? If someone says something you don't agree with..it's FAKE NEWS! FAKE NEWS has KILLED OVER 150K Americans and YOU wonder why WE don't like you! You fire someone that looks cross-eyed at you.
I was bullied in my small school and some girl in that big school plucked out a piece of my hair when I was a Junior in high school
please distract me from my work by telling me about the first time you heard sonic youth -- i was in my Nissan Rogue driving to high school and immediately wanted kim gordon to bully me
I feel like you would bully me in school bye
side note this is one of the girls who bullied me in high school sksksks
The audacity of a girl who made fun of my diabetes, called me a faggot, and got me bullied &amp; beaten up all throughout elementary / middle school telling me that i drove her into being bulimic in high school for calling her “fat” (after she had called me a faggot”
When I was in high school my dad always dropped me off in his landcaping work truck. A group of girls thought it was hilarious my dad would do that and bullied me because of it. Still to this day I remember that shit, but now it just disgust me how mean girls can be.
This girl tried to say we were friends in high school... ma’am. You bullied me.
girls in high school: “yOuRe sUCh a bUlLy” me: *just being honest*
Norway is the worst country to ignore violence and bully in kindergartens and schools.
I was bullied throughout my school days.. by both girls &amp; guys. I was the shy, small, weird easy target &amp; waited til my senior year of high school to stick up for myself.. which also didn't get me anything but more laughter. The teachers don't do anything either which is a shame
Ann I really don’t see the need to be so immature. I’m sure there are mothers that follow you that are not as fit as they would like to be. You sound like an elementary school bully. Please be better than this.
MOOTS BLS INTERACT WIFF ME UWU What were you bullied for when u were in high school? I was bullied mainly bcuz of weight. I was also bullied by girls for a very petty reason -- it's bcuz i wasn't primping like them.
Never heard of it before. Absolutely vile. It’s a disciplinary matter in my albeit ‘old school’book. I know they aren’t ‘general’ HCAs but this is about values and decency. Some people don’t care and for some reason MH attracts bullies into HCA roles-majority of staff are good
i got bullied lightly in kindergarden for wearing glasses but i got ignored by girls in high school for not being bad-ass enough and being hella nerdy
cc ballet schools its taken years of my adult life to unlearn the things i was made to believe about myself at 15/16. crushing someone’s spirit in the name of constructive criticism doesnt make you a teacher, it just makes you a bully
Did anyone ever actually said the “if you want my comeback, you should scrape it off your moms stomach” thing to a high school bully, or is that just twitter telling lies?
I just hate it when other older kids in school bully me :(
the girl who bullied me at high school and told me I looked like Pete Burns has just added me on Facebook and I can’t see anything really on her profile except for the fact that she has, wait for it, acquired lip fillers
Sending death threats and harassing people over album reviews... open the schools back up so the bullies can get y'all again.
@all the girls who bullied me in high school, what’s up with it now
not sis dming me on ig from a burner talkin abt "shut up on twitter" sksksksksksj baby, you might've been able to bully the girls in high school but we're grown LMFAO pack it up regina george
A girl named Genesis used to bully me in middle school and when I told my parents they were like “what’s her name? Deuteronomy?”
Great news! Make fake news pay through the nose. People are sick and tired of leftist bullies and their scorched earth cancel culture. Washington Post settles Nicholas Sandmann defamation lawsuit in Covington Catholic High School controversy
mom told me earlier that she doesn't have white privlege because she was "bullied and jumped by black girls for being white" in high school and because she's poor and has been pulled over one time
Yes Seeta high school was soo against that..I don’t remember any girl being bullied..may be the boys
girls who bullied me in high school are vaginas now and im liberal
My big plan when I was a kid was to get all the bully’s convinced they have to go to bully school. Once inside? Bully school was a rocket ship intended to land on a planet with intelligent life and then the bullies would be bullied by aliens. My best friend growing up was a cat
when girls who bullied me in high school message me to buy their shitty pyramid scheme products
mom pick me up the school bully is bullying me
I literally have a manager that is proud of being a mean girl. She would literally talk about how she bullied and hazed girls when she was in high school and college like it’s an achievement like..
Some girl who bullied me in high school just asked if I could help her get tickets to luke bryan....lmao
To be brutally honest, I suspect the great anti-bullying campaign of the last decade was actually a dry run for the crybully offensive. They weren't trying to eliminate bullying from schools; they were studying and refining the techniques of the bullies for use against society.
@realDonaldTrump @BetsyDeVosED There should NOT BE A MONETARY INCENTIVE TO REOPEN SCHOOLS!! This administration is TOTALLY and UNEQUIVOCALLY so out of their depth of KNOWLEDGE!! You bully @CDCgov to change restrictions SMFH That your 2020 rally cry #Bullies Pathetic
I’m so petty I still resent the girls that bullied me in middle/high school. Don’t try to be nice to me ho
My high school years were shit. I was the “fat girl with the big tits” and teased (=bullied) I was the youngest in the class, having skipped a year but then lost all my confidence after Mum died when I was 15 and I ended up “average” Definitely not “the best years of my life”
a high 5/low 6. i’ve been bullied by my own family because of how i look and, it did some damage to ya girl lol
I was bullied badly in Middle School. By High School people just chilled out and left me alone. I was only teased in middle school for being a girl who played games.
every girl that bullied me in middle school/high school is a nurse now
Guess I was always afraid of still looking like the girl who got bullied in high school and I wanted to get as far away from that as possible. Always thinking: Oh but if I run into someone who bullied me I must show them I look so much better now
Even as a kid? Honestly, my parents would put me in the corner if they found out I misbehaved (... for... beating... the living crap... out of bullies... *ahem* sending them to the hospital... when I was in school.)
EXACTLY! and kirishima has self esteem issues yea, but let's no forgeT that in the beginning of his ark we literally saw him go out of his way to STAND UP to bullies at his school. yet yall tryna say that hed take the bullshit from bkg? kirishima wouldn't let himself be a victim.
The same way the cut ties with the WHO, bully the CDC and send kids back to school all during a Pandemic. It is Gross and it needs to stop.
My school bully’s are entering medicine?!?!? No wonder some doctors are extremely rude.
You're like the little fella standing beside the bully in school shouting Yeah in agreement with what he says to the victims
Would hate for some of the girls that bullied me in high school to do this to me
Girls wanted someone with expensive taste, i had none , also bullied in high school made it worse! Never had a girlfriend in high school cause of those high expectations
Grown men who can’t fight but want to pull out guns. Weaklings, with the difference between you and a school bully?
So like no wonder I struggle with trusting people, and believing that people like me, and believing that people want to be my friends. Like. My “friends” in high school would bully me the same way sometimes. Like i literally had no one at some points.
Thank you for your kind support dear Estanislao She once felt so loneliness as she couldn’t go to school for the bullies at school. She can’t go to school yet but has been recovering from psychological crisis. She found warm people here including you dear Estanislao.
THINKING CHALLENGE: What percentage of school age kids (K - 12th grade) have experienced bullying or been a bully, themselves? #FurlowEC #MoraineValley #SchoolsAndDelinquency
//Before i go to nap a bit, here is the channel of one of my followers and sluts. A really good, cute and helping guy. He is actually streaming, go check him out and say that Vanity is saying "Bend over, slut."
With the new school year approaching, this is a good time to talk with your scholar about bullying, especially online bullying, as many are communicating more online. See someone being bullied? Be brave and STAND UP for them. Bullies back off when others stand up for victims.
The two biggest writers for Beastars are an incel and a girl who got bullied in high school. I’m sure if it.
@masonmount_10 Will you come to my year 12 formal with me? The lads at school bully me for supporting Chelsea so it would be great if you could show up and grab some pics with the fellas
High school drama of a bullied weird girl with a crazy religious mom By Stephen King
I bet she’s a JOY in school...look at the mean eyes on that kid....she probably bullies all the white kids in school.
I totally get it. I was bullied by so many girls In high school bc I landed the hot new guy and I was just the quiet band geek, yet he chose me. It was so long ago but something I also won’t forget either
i cannot BELIEVE kpoppies have the audacity to make up these “kpop stans go to school together and we bully armys teehee!” scenarios like their ass wouldn’t be getting curbed stomp by us every DAY??
His father was fired by liberal parents as headmaster of the Dalton School. Barr has probably hated liberals and secular society his whole life. His father was authoritarian and so is he. He was a bully then, still is.
White girls who bullied me in high school and became nursing majors are like: actually its called a cotton swab, q tips are a brand.
it’s happened to me once in the MCR fandom where i defended this one 13 year old girl who was getting high key bullied for supporting trump &amp; boy did i get shit for it. we got all kinds of disgusting things said to us, but one of them was “you have no place in this fandom”.
i just wanna tell all the high school girls obsessed with kpop/anime and are bullied for it: what yr bullied for right now is whats gonna make you hella cool when youre 20
Same story with me but the point here is that third girl wasn't bullied but it was me and the other girl. But we ever get successful she will blame us as the bully. I have been bullied my whole school life (14 yrs).
like one day they started calling me in weird way just because i had hairs on my arms and like everyone does but apparently mine were weird idk what’s wrong with my classmates thb then i’m probably gonna be bullied in high school because i like girls and i’ll be in a school where
Hilarious how the girl who bullied me in high school and called me fat every single day of my life and told me I could go on a diet but I would never be pretty and that I should k*ll myself because I’m fat is on Instagram saying how she “totally understands eating disorders”
no way did my lil sis see some girl that bullied her at high school, whilst we were clapping for the nhs and yelled at her ‘isolate you bitch’ - I can’t do anything but be shocked n stan hahahahaha
You act like a bully on the school play ground. Grow up
Rebecca Black drops out of high school b/c of bullying. #lordylordy http://read.bi/qm3EQ4
seladon seems like the kind of girl that bullied you in high school but then got sucked into a pyramid scheme after she graduated and now she’s in your DMs on instagram trying to sell you essential oils and weight loss pills #thedarkcrystalageofresistance
so I def felt insecure about my height in high school but there were girls taller than me as well and I was never bullied or called “the tall girl” in a derogatory way.... this is dumb
Stop selling snake oil Trump! Be a man rather than a high school bully!
Just admit you got bullied in high school by girls who went on to be nurses
@realDonaldTrump, YOU'RE a #presidentialFukUp, a Traitor among Traitors; you're NO leader, but JUST the runny snot-nose grammar school's schoolyard fat-assed gluttonous bully ONLY given conditioned respect and obedience. The best poker game i played was watching kadafi PAY2
The ok boomer Bernie girl would have bullied me in high school
with middle school. Apparently that day, he took on both bully brothers, kicked their butts leaving them crying, running to the office. So what's my point? I feel this is what decent people like us have as our only alternative...Nov 3, WE MUST kick the butts of every damn bully
the boys at my school would bully me if u post this on my tiktok so here you go have it on twitter
would I have been cool in high school if I had picked percussion when I was 10 or would I have just been bullied by ryun louie like every other girl in the section
Soha don’t affect I’ve been bullied by the same girls very badly it’s time they wake up and smell the tea and so for the people supporting them I saw them attack naazaish also couple of days back high time they practice what they preach nothing about that tweet was offensive
Best wishes I hate bullies my eldest son was bullied at school I went round to the bullies house and bullied his dad never touched my son again. You sound a amazing mom take care
Sam Houston School in Dallas we fought a male teacher. He won but I want a rematch. That school was so bad I moved back to Missouri.
I was bullied in high school by a girl who is now fat. Karma really does come back to bite you in the a$$
I know if the people I went to high school with found out I‘m bi the dumb ass girls that bullied people I knew and me, would DEFS be like ‘wow did u ever have a crush on me’ no bitch I did the fuck NOT. You were ugly then and you’re ugly now cause mean doesn’t have a glow up.
I was in 8th grade when 9/11 happened. I remember a girl in a hijab that was bullied, called a terrorist just walking down the halls in our high school. Horrible. Another generation of kids are going to be terrorized by their peers bc of the shit going on, kids...
I really love seeing all the girls who were bullied in high school THRIVE with confidence now that we are all graduated . Showing off their art and their personal styles.
#TSFakeAnime a fallen star is sent to earth to redeem herself, however, Mikami, a girl in high school wants to become her friend. Mikami has been bullied throughout her life. feeling pity for her, the girl agrees, but soon she begins to develope feelings. but how can she tellher
Up to chapter 4. So far Trump's dad was vile, step over anyone and do anything to win. Mary's father was picked on and Donald, the out of control bully, was sent to military school. You're welcome
these are the same boys who would bully me in elementary school for liking a boyband and would constantly call them gay and think it’s an insult
girls who bullied me in middle and high school are constantly trying to hype me up now but like dont y’all remember all that stuff you did and said
Sorry, but he looks like the pudgy bully in grade school who stole your lunch money
do kids actually bully other kids over strange names?? I mean I know they bully poc for non-white names, but I remember a really popular white guy at my school who had the last name Gaylord and no one cared. I think the Junipers and Hermiones will be ok
she was a popular girl that bullied me in middle and high school and once in college, i heard she’s a news anchor for my hometowns Fox News and is probably a horrible person but
shawty mad she thought she was gonna be able to drag me boohoo. you seem like the girl who was bullied in high school and thinks being a bitch is a personality trait now. bye ugly
The various responses to DJ Trump by the opposition party will separate the men from the boys...the women from the girls. Gov. Cuomo scores high in manly resolve--refuses to be bullied. Very impressive
That’s exactly what my school was like to be honest. I was bullied - by boys - for being a swot. And the vast majority of high achievers in my school were girls.
Similar experiences when moving to towns and schools as a kid. Stand up to bullies in the first week and then no issues
-Singing Battle 3v3 -Bully falls in love with nerd -Bully falls in love with victim -Hated child becomes hybrid princess -Bodyguard -Badboy falls in love with unpopular girl -Abused child -Spoiled brat -Ugly to pretty -Emotionless -Literal mafia school -Girl in all boy school
I remember digging them Ours,a joke it's an order Chairman Mao said:"dig deep holes,Store tons grains,not bully around d world" In anticipation of d 3rd war, d atomic bomb one So all d teachers got 2have all d students do it We dug shallow hole 2gather rain all over d school
I hated my new high school too. Douglas Byrd. Again, I wasn’t bullied, but being the new girl had its disadvantages. I was sexually assaulted by two fuckboys at Byrd, one a football player, the other basketball. A story for another day though.
Well said. Appalling behaviour for someone paid by the taxpayer. Private school bully!
All these girls that were bullies in high school now have kids being bullied, talking about bullying is so bad, how can someone be that mean. You were that someone bro, ask yourself.
This guy is every bully in middle school + every asshole in molly ringwald's 80s movies
The language of a cowardly high school bully.
I’m not finna bully no one I will go to school with. Y’all forget that you were frustrated freshman too.
My lil sis asked me once if people ever made fun of me, I’m like girl if only you knew. I was bullied from elementary school through high school. High school wasn’t too bad but middle school was the worst, at one point I didn’t even want to go to certain class
I came home early from work because my daughter was being bullied by another girl from her school. My daughter won 2 different scholarships as a high school junior totaling $76,000 and I guess the jealousy was just overwhelming to someone I’m angry that bullies exist
But you did it repeatedly, persistently, and maliciously, with your pals on your side. This is the definition bullying. You’re a high school bully who hasn’t grown out of that phase. Don’t share people’s pics if they don’t want them shared, regardless of what they’ve said/done.
Informal poll based on a conversation I just had, testing a theory. Did you play pretend fantasy games on the playground at school or did you play sports? And were you a bully or were you bullied ?
Same here, and I skipped a grade so I was the perfect target for bullies. I look back on my 40-yr career and see so many examples of gaslighting and bullying that I accepted on the job, as a result of school experiences. I rarely ask for help for anything.
her mannerisms remind me of all the girls that bullied me in high school
When you try to get your little brother to beat up the school bully @Gervontaa
i want them to make my life at school a living hell, i want them to bully me and shove me into lockers, i want them to steal my homework and egg my house, i want them to create an embarrassing nickname that shames me and follows me for the rest of my life
It’s cute and when the guy who used to bully you during middle school asks to take a shot out of your tits
Example: Sunset Shimmer. She was a villain the MLP Equestria Girls movie and NO ONE, not even the fandom, liked her. She was cruel, malicious, bullied anyone who got in her way. And was your typical high school alpha bitch and tried to kill our main heroes.
Ali Miller here from Los Angeles. I really felt like Dorinda was bully this season. I hated the way she bullied Tinseley than publically trying to shame Ramona. I am a high school teacher and I feky like Dorinda was a “Mean girl”.
My mom is obsessed with caloric intake, fitness, and weight, but really only as it pertains to image because she was bullied as a girl, and my dad has a really high natural metabolism and worked construction 90% of his life and could eat 3k calories a day and stay thin.
That homely little girl is me...I graduated Pinecrest Woodland Hills (Elementary) in 1985. I was bullied the whole of my schooling...through high school. I'm tougher for it. It wasn't all bad. I have deep anger toward those that pick on innocence! – at Riviera Mobile Estates
Full grown adults acting like middle school bullies
to every girl who bullied me in high school, congrats on your ugly baby
Barr was a bully and a racist in high school. Just type “Barr bully” into Google and read articles. Why is he Attorney General?
When girls who bullied you in middle &amp; high school tell you happy bday
One of the sons was a bully (to other kids at school and one of the younger siblings). Maybe the dad said something to the son then which he now regrets.
dan is very shy. if you ask him to do anything he will blush and giggle because as we have established his role in fics is parallel to that of the sexist damsel in distress character. one day his high school bully phil stops taunting him for wearing pink to give him a kiss
More like the school and teacher wouldn’t want a lawsuit. There are teachers who don’t like students. In 4th grade I had bullies, but the biggest bully was my teacher. That was the year I found I hated school and luckily my grandmother forced the school to switch me classes.
was bullied from first grade to Junior year of high school. My bullies picked on me for being the new kid, playing with girls, being fat, unable to communicate well, being a loner, other body issues, accused of being gay, being gay and because they were bored. I'm amazed i'm sane
@mattrox456 Matt, I nearly got taken away from my parents at 13, the bullying started at a very young age cause I was chubby and stuff
Dunno. It's just that I really enjoy my own company and because my hobbies are reading and watching you don't want to get disturbed, right? But i also got bullied during middle school and high school. Game changed in college. Found myself hanging out w/ boys a lot
these are my high school BULLIES!
It makes me so happy that all the high school girls that bullied people for being fat are now fat themselves. We all out here wearing the same size, what u gonna make fun of us for now sis?
girls who bullied me in high school are handwritten letters now and im juice box
In primary school this girl used to bully me because I had a dad. I hope she's alright.
How about the angle from the school (bullies) all he needed was to talk to someone, rub minds but no one was available for him.
There was the one time I considered doing this to my bully's car in High School
I was bullied for being fat in middle school and when I got to high school I met a girl and we bonded over both of us feeling fat and both started a diet and mine went farther than hers. I’m anorexic but I also struggle with binges
when i was in elementary they always bully the " skinny " kid and beat them up coz they look weak. specially if they are small. if they went to high school they always get called ( kites or bones ).... again body shaming is bad. fat or skinny shaming its both damaging
i heard she bullied a lot of people in high school around the time she was starting to do youtube... and that she was the actual real life popular cheerleader mean girl so maybe that’s why??
when i was a sophomore in high school this girl who bullied me gave a presentation on catcher in the rye and ended it by being like "so yeah at the end of the book he has grown out of it and is all better" and the teacher was just like "very good job"
I just wanna say real quick that I love seeing tweets about Nessa because she simultaneously looks like every girl that bullied me in middle school and half the girls I was friends with in senior year of high school. That is to say, she's great.
The tall girl in my year in high school was mocked a lot and her nickname was big bird. It’s hard enough being a teenage girl but tall girls are often looked on as a bit freakish and bullied for it. Seeing other women fail to understand that is annoying.
- I hate mint - I once kicked a classmate in the balls in grade school because he was being a bully and skipped the queue to the bathroom - My first DS game was PurrPals, a cat petting game that gave me anxiety because my kitties were always starving so I ended up giving it away
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen? — girls who bullied me in high school for being a lesbian talking about how much they love rupauls drag race nfjdjfjdjfj
Wouldn't know. Didn't go. I was bullied relentlessly in High School. School was a living hell. I still have dreams of running over, I mean running into, the girls that tortured me.
Victoria: idk why she cries so easy and looks like the girl that bullied in high school and became a nurse
anyone who got bullied in high school who WASN’T a horse girl should be entitled to financial compensation
I’m WEAK!!! Not even close, but go off sis you bully your own boyfriend but that’s nun of my business. I’m suchhhh a bully, that’s why you stayed friends with me for so many years, and I defended you when you got bullied in high school lol and I was just a freshman
You know, there is validity in these small communities having concerns, regardless of their perceived wealth. Demeaning and name calling hashtags really doesn’t raise the bar for respectful discussion. Everyone has turned into a middle school bully.
I had a dream that I was getting bullied (I’m 25 now so flashback to high school days lol) and @tylerrjoseph stood up for me, becoming my friend but also putting a curse on the girl bullying me ??? Pregnancy dreams are strange
TOURE JUST HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
My bully has always found their way to get to me,, the one time he didn’t come to school I felt a better about myself. But scared as shit coz I knew that the next day was gonna be 100 times worse as any other day
It’s funny how the same girls who bullied me for being bisexual and spread horrible rumours about me in high school are celebrating pride. Sis proud of what ?? Your homophobia and disrespect??? Your lack of empathy???? Check yourself.
The world as a school yard analogy. In one corner, bright kids trying to do their homework. Other corner, dumb obnoxious bully boy yanks girl's hair, laughs at the kid in the wheelchair. Hides behind his rich daddy. Hated by all And Australia wants to play with that one
Mc bullies someone in school, and tries to make amends years later
Suddenly all the white girls who bullied me in high school love black people and I just find that............. really interesting. Hm. I ain’t letting you hoes off Scott free please know. Funny bitches I really don’t give a fuck stg
i definitely believe that there should be more agressive and strict laws punishing those who Bully in schools. These kids are just trying to get an education!! #CRJ105
i was hangin out with a girl once and told her i got bullied and called potato head in high school and she didn’t stop laughing for 20 minutes...i still think about it daily
what was I not bullied for? My weight, my glass, my strap to hold my glass (got the name grandma), my knocked knees (got Sasquatch and Yeti), and just me being the chubby fat girl from elementary to high school now I talk big shit and I’m a bad bitch so HA!
When the girls who bullied me in high school message me about their pyramid scheme lotion I just say yes and buy it. I am very much still afraid of you, Kaytlin Randecker!
bro you can bully the kids at school but you can’t bully me mr i.t guy
MUA girls that probably bullied u in high school will wipe black eyeshadow all over their eye, draw a lil cross on their cheek and call it a “goth look”
Dear sweet girl. High school is a tricky environment! It can be a hard and unhealthy place; but only if you let yourself get sucked in to this! I was bullied at school A LOT because I'm just 5 feet tall! I used to get thrown out of stare cases and was called names! BUT....
Wow, making an excuse for rape and murder. Q: So why did you rape and kill that 2 year old girl? A: I had low self esteem and was bullied in high school. Q: oh, wow. I'm sorry. My bad. It's OK then. Please rape and kill as many people as you need to feel better about yourself.
The replies to this are hilarious... I bet every single man saying “wow it was 6th grade just get over it” is one of those guys who bullied girls in middle school/high school. Men are the absolute worst
Rumors about Yuchiro began to spread around school soon after her bullies followed her after school and found out about her jobs. These rumors were eventually relayed to her dad, who didn’t respond kindly to what he was hearing about her.
The girls that bullied you in high school
need to watch more movies where high school bullies are played by men in their 30s in backwards ball caps
Just found out that the girl who bullied me in Forth grade got held back in middle school, meaning she’s still in high school lol couldn’t be me
Mad how all the girls who used to bully me in school actually just peaked in secondary school hahaha how’s life still living off mammy and daddy’s money???
very out of body experience to stand in a circle of girls and realize hm every single one of you would have bullied me in high school
Or even of items of other students??? how many bullies are going to start coughing on the items of marginalized students in their classes? Or straight on the student themself?? Schools ALREADY do absolutely nothing about bullying and harassment.
mom come pick me up all the girls that bullied me in high school are pregnant
Don't distract yourself ARMY they're just messing with us like those bullies in schools #MTVHottest BTS @BTS_twt
High School me is Joe Kelly... holy shit lmfaoooo
PFFT COME MOV3 IN 2ITH ME SO WE CAN BULLY THE RACISTS AT SCHOOL
Wasn't she the school bully?
plz tell me why girls who bullied me in high school are now sending me this. this quarantine gotta be over QUICK.
girls who bullied me in high school are highs now and im lesbian
girls who bullied me in high school are highs now and im gnome
I am a white female. Every day in high school I was bullied by a group of black girls. I was pushed- shoved -had perfume - ketchup - banana shoved on me...I was tortured - they were mean because they were taught they just happened to be black. People are mean - people are kind.
“No one at this school should pick on any class of people. It’s like watching magicians bully jugglers.”- Jeff Winger #community #sixseasonsandamovie
1. The kitchen is the only ~decent~ room out of these 4 2. The girls who bullied you in high school:
Selwan being homophobic, colour me shocked! /s You know she BANNED talking about BL & yuri in that shojo chat she runs? She has definitely not grown up past the high school bully she absolutely was. LMAO all her fav shojo protags would probably hate her irl.
we’d watch shrek in french with english subtitles at least once a term in high school and our french teacher was the spitting image of farquaad and he got bullied worse than a horse girl but still continued to let us watch shrek multiple times a year
One thing that keeps coming up, video after video, is where is all the hatred is coming from? The high-school I went to was integrated, and it was not uncommon for the black kids to continually harass and bully others, including the teachers... a lot. No apparent reason ever.
One kid turned into a leftist JUST LIKE my bully friend's kid. Why? I'm embarrassed to admit, I quit listening to Rush Limbaugh during school hours for that kid's high school years. (Middle son.)
why are so many stories set in high school targeted towards girls where they are "different" and often are bullied for it, but I can't think of any like that for guys? I can't help but think it victimizes women and makes us not trust each other.
It's odd you obsess over experiences in primary school like this. In richard dawkins autobiography he spends like, a chapter wondering why he joined in a group of bullies in primary school one time, so you're not alone in that xD
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/0Nnw4OSA?s=a2&amp;pd=01BYEpdD
Kirsten Fleming was probably bullied by the pretty girls in high school so she’s redirecting her resentment towards CHD . This article was nasty, unnecessary and a prime example of shitty journalism. Be better. #DaddyGang
Kevin Walles, REMEMBER ME! Carlyle Deauna (from Matignon High School). You used to bully me back then at Matignon High School by calling me PIMP JUICE. Also, do you realize that PIMP JUICE is the equivalent of BART SIMPSON?
Yeah. We’re living the Dream. Massive unemployment. Rampant disease. A government that attacks the people. Trillions in debt. A so-called president who is openly hostile to the majority of the people and the world and is a lying belligerent bully. Have no idea if schools are safe
//MILFS at the end of the video.
I was bullied by two bigger white girls in high school because I was the skinny black girl that people could push around. One of them even followed me home and hurled slurs at me. No one did anything about it. It’s clearly a two way issue.
In Canada, Child Welfare oversees high-risk situations. Social workers are involved, but I am not aware of them getting to bully anyone just because a kid didn’t show up at school a few times.
One wonders how many school security guards were once the school bully.
i don’t hate sports because i got bullied for throwing like a girl in high school, i hate sports because of fascism
I am Hispanics in high school I was bullied by an African American girl till one day I said no more and stood up for myself later she and I became friends.
i hate that my school bullies are kinda pretty now like yeah they’re bitches for bullying me but i have a fan account for cartoons on twitter so who’s the real loser here
To the girls that bullied me in middle school and high school, I hope you fixed whatever issues you had and are living a better happier life.
girls that bullied me for being gay in high school and i wasnt even out posting photos of them kissing eachother at the santa pub crawl i
This girl gives me PTSD from the people who bullied me in high school
It’s laughable to see all the lads that used to bully me in school retweet and post this. Where was your compassion then?
yall be so annoying abt girls dressing/being “basic” at this big age like ok sorry you got bullied in high school and compared urself to those kind of girls Get Over It
i dont even know what the james/tati/jeffree/shane drama is but they all look like the people who used to bully me in school so i kinda wanna punch them
The Christian girl who bullied me in high school and then became a nurse
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://7ny.tv/39UOBuw
it was was my oldest aunt...she was really close to me and would protect me from my brother when he'd bully me and help me with school as my mum didnt really care. she died from a blood clot in her heart. i miss her.
like it is simply not as simple as ”they are a bully bc they are a bad person”, children don’t act that way for no reason. it’s often a combination of personal/home life problems and the tense environment created in middle/high school
I feel like oomf bullied other girls in high school
Hey. Hey, you. You know that thing you keep hearing your parents or your school bully or your abusive ex say, over and over again, years after the fact? It was a lie.
Why do bitches who were rude to me in high school have “be kind” in their bio. I’m going to message and be like hey girl are u a nursing major cuz u bullied me in high school :)
every girl who bullied me in high school wore these ugly ass shoes !!! i may not have been cool but at least i wasn't wearing SNEAKERS with HEELS
The schools bully
3h gemini - empty middle school - was always in girl drama. involved in bullying others and being bullied. so chaotic high school - got rid of all the drama involved girl friends from middle school. had one close friend, but talked to multiple “groups” of people
Bully is a bunch of KIDS at school and its literally called Bully. That game raised hairs when I was a kid. Social and political climate, not ready for this game.
That’s because white people bullied White girls for being too big and such. I look back at my high school days and there were girls who were just thick with wider hips and more curves and they were bullied by white men in hs as the fat ones.
I got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents I was getting bullied &amp; we moved
She's the popular girl in high school who claims to have been bullied growing up.
When I think of high school bullies I think of the lady tiger coaches. They really were the ones that were doing emotional and mental damage.
1. Popular Fed up with being at the bottom of the high school pecking order, a boy swears revenge on everyone who ever bullied or ignored him. He believes that once he has become attractive and successful, the popular girl he lusts after will no longer resist his charms.
conventionally pretty girls love to say they were bullied in high school! maybe u were annoying !
If y’all hadn’t bullied that girl in high school for her attempted whistle notes I’d still have a “the way” YouTube cover to laugh at (in secret) smh.
It's funny you put it out in the world and then cry when you get it back I have a hard time believing you were bullied in high school anything close to what a gay boy would be bullied Girls get the free pass and always have
I'm letting you dig down and reporting every bullying comment. Honestly, is this your life? Bullying online, or are you a bully at school too. I bet you are.
I'm not gonna lie, I was awful when I was in middle and high school. I slut shamed and bullied countless girls to be able to fit in and I've even spread the nastiest rumors because it made me feel good knowing nobody could take me down. But you're not invincible forever.
Oddly enough some of the best teachers I’ve had have been bullies. I saw one once flip a quarter across the room to a student and then tell him to go call his mother to get him, as he had no place in grad school. He was quite right in his judgment of the quality of the student.
You made a bully cry! Is that "alpha" for grade school? Lol
Thanks baby love you I have a handicap ; in high School, I was bullied on social media . I was a chill girl but because of that I was very depressed... thanks to my moral strenght, family and Friends, I’m better now. Hope you’re okay. These losers don’t deserve your atention
Watching many videos from my high school made me think. Ah, I really miss a lot of things in high school. Back then I was just this unknown girl in the back of the class, fearing I would get bullied
High school jock falls hard for scholarship/diversity student who is bullied by a mean girl who can do no wrong in the admin's eyes.
"Police will pettily and childishly retaliate when mildly provoked" isn't the ringing endorsement of law enforcement you think it is. Some of us have higher standards for armed officers of the law than we do for high school bullies.
Oh hell no, you mean to tell me he played golf, outside, and didn't wear a mask? And he gets tested every day. The thought of it makes me absolutely livid. The left is starting to sound more like middle schoolers at a private school for the rich trying to bully another student
Agreed, my PE Teacher bullied me which made the bullies in my class even worse, the whole thing was horrendous, a CofE school with no anti-bullying policy didn't help! Although I saw said PE teacher the other day and he is now the size of a house and hasn't aged well I call kalma
had a dream my middle school bully was a titan bye
This one time when I was 16 this girl I went to high school cyber bullied me bc I was excited that I tried sushi for the first time and she was like “I used to love in Japan blah blah blah”. Anyways, I guess it worked bc I still remember. Why red heads gotta be so mean.
Bollocks, mate, absolute bollocks. Lewis is a bully, full of himself. Remember what the bullies in your school, your firm, your gym, your pub were like? Saddos like Lewis Hamilton. Sad sad people getting their own back.
8th grade I joined the girls field hockey team as goalkeeper. I got bullied to high heaven because of that
Kids need to go back to school because being bullied by an older brother at home is no replacement for the true horror of a professional school bully.
this. this is what i meant. about all the girls that bullied me through high school / middle school
'Sticks and stones may break my bones But names can never hurt me. School bully?
If you're having problems with the school bully, try bribing someone.
I'd say they probably WANTED to be bullies high school, but were cowards and couldn't fully realize that desire until they had the title of police officer. They know they'll be protected with the title, but would face repercussions without.
When I got to school, I asked the school bully what it meant because I figured a bully would know the meanings of dirty words. He thought he knew what it meant, but later, I learned he was wrong. Sex ed on the street is unreliable. I have stories.
I am so sorry this happened to you and any other girl that was terrorized by his disgusting ass. For what it’s worth, I bullied him in high school because I always fucking hated him for being an annoying gross ass fucking creep.
I knew a Muslim girl in high school who after Tr*mp got into office had to stay home for a week for HER OWN SAFETY she was SEVERELY bullied; and the school did nothing to protect her. It was so fucked up and I think about how schools never protect their black and poc students.
Oh yeah I cyber bully the fuck out of people. They tried to bring fat acceptance into police brutality. Then kind of made fun of this girl who said she was r*ped at our school. It’s messy af
Oh yeah I agree I bullied myself for about 20 years before I got out of it because of how much I was bullied in school it took me a long time to find the truth about who I was and to see that I was okay after all. I wasn't the problem it was the bullies who were the problem
5 facts I did my university degree online I studied piano, music theatre, &amp; trumpet before coding I was a mormon for 3 months I was bullied in high school to the point one girl tried to 'make my life hell' (her words) I came out as bisexual exactly one year ago
i'm so glad i went 2 a school with normal people and also bullies
random things that i can recite without being asked - all of circus baby's sister location dialogue - fernand's breakup speech - the "the VOLUME inside of this BUS" tiktok - the girl who bullied u in high school's vows tiktok - the steampunk twins tiktok - the g*bbie h*nna poem
The girls that bullied me in high school and middle school stay talking about being positive to other girls on social media haha fake hoes
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. one of the girls in school who used to bully me for being thicker than all the rest of the girls who were tooth picks, got bigger im LAUGHIN
Lmfao Jenny all through fucking high school u bullied multiple girls and now ur shutting ppl down for there opinions cuz it’s diff than urs
Bowden is a perfect example of everything wrong with "Americans" and has been emboldened by trump to openly act like an ignorant elementary school bully.
lmao,, why did she bullied her. omg can she look at her face first. i mean i didn't mean any harm, but the girl is so gorgeous.. it's a high standard tho
All the girls who bullied me in Junior high for wearing docs are the same ones wearing them now bc they’re “in” Tbh I want financial compensation for all of that trauma thx.
Today's autism awareness day, wild how the clique of girls that bullied you in high school took 5 minutes to know you weren't like the others while it took 10 years to professionals to mutter that you might have a case of the ass preggers syndrome.
My middle school bully used to call me j ro
I hate bully’s. They say once school is done with so are the bully’s and that’s a bunch of BS! They everywhere, in your family, at work, your neighborhood, when you go out. Only difference is now as an adult I’ll throw hands idc None of em can hurt me now
But you are causing harm. Outing someone's biological sex can put trans people in physical danger and deliberately misgendering someone can cause gender dysphoria for many trans people. It is also extremely fucking rude. Misgendering someone is what high school bullies do.
My old high school bully just tried to menace and harass me when I was walking in town. Just filed a restraining order on him that sheriffs are serving on him soon
these ade high school bullies
im still that weird girl you bullied in high school so don’t try it now
Bill Barr is a classic bully and very thin-skinned. I think the public recitation of U.S. Attorneys, bar associations, and even his own law school alma mater saying he should resign and is disgrace to the profession *really* got under his skin
Just sad, pathetic, school bullies or victims of school bullies who don't know what else to do with themselves beyond terrorizing those they view as lower.
Freshman of high school. My mother just died. Teachers asked "Well, does your mother call you that?", and when I ask about a math problem in class (for the first time; I was always bullied, so I stopped asking for help) and a girl called me stupid, and my teacher backed her up.
Don't know about you the only cause I have is the opportunity to overpower the bullies. Just remembering high school and the fun I had with bullies. That's my cause right is right and I'm right
The girls who bullied me in middle school ended up hairdressers (there were only like 12 girls at my high school and none were bullies) but based on the people my (nurse) sister works with I can 10000% see the "really mean high school girls to nurses pipeline" as a thing
misss r came out as a lee's bIAN because the boys at nasa were picking on me after that girl gave me that valentines note she was telling me of her time being bullied at high sxhool
The cdc really let the president bully them into saying that schools should open. Interesting.
He’s the school bully that’s like “why don’t I have straight As” but never shows up for tests.
#ThankYouLogic I was bullied in school constantly. I remember when "Under Pressure" dropped. It stayed on my mind. It brought me and my bullies together. We would always talk about how you're music was TRASH. Thank You Logic! You truly changed my life!
I’m thinking about watching BNA tomorrow, but at the same time I’m watching a anime movie that I want to continue tomorrow about a bully making it up to a deaf girl and making amends with her for what he done to her in grade school
At both of my new jobs theres a girl who bullied me in high school that works there
thinking about some girls in my middle (or high?) school faked someone asking me out as a joke &amp; i was so relieved a male wasn’t actually asking me out i never realized i was being bullied
Trying to get back into hockey at Uni just reinforced that the school sports bullies had gone on to be uni bullies. Being plus-size got me filthy looks from all the weights posers and yummy mummies every time I’ve tried to improve my fitness at a gym, so I eventually gave up
I OG she is no messier than ALL the others. She has not lied, bullied, bashed, anyone. Jackie in all the business but OG need to go.....Plz OG and Cece made this season. Frfr! Tired of looking at Evelyn's lame ass. With her high school mean girl antics. Keep doing you OG!
"Better Days" twinning a melodrama in a chronically competitive high school in China and peculiarly guitless chronological love story centralizing a bullied girl student and small-criminal street-savvy trickster whom she mets looking for sophisticated future. #RekomenFilem
Every teacher I've had, from Sunday School, preschool, through grad school has been my favorite (minus the political math teacher, the bully program teacher, &amp; the one who was never organized to teach but would rather belittle).
girls who bullied me in high school are rats now and im romantic
Yes, why is that people call me an asshole &amp; I’m like whatever, but I see someone being bullied or disrespect and I go ballistic. Disclaimer, I was the school bully when young. I think that’s why it bothers me. Bc I had issues that didn’t understand so I was mad at the world.
Another super-mature tweet from the GOP. What a joke. You’re all just middle school bullies. At least your one bully who got the shit beat out of him.
Can't believe one of the best guitarists in the country rn used to bully me back in high school.
anyone watching indian matchmaking.......aparna is like that girl who would bully you in school except she’s in her 30s
I had to make peace with my school yard bullies. I always find it fun when I get an @Facebook post from them. Full confession though......I turn a lot of those down.
When are you sending this one back to school. Here's a deal for you. Send him to a public school in the city of your choice for 6 months. If he makes it through the 6 months, then we'll consider sending our kids back. Lead by example, not by being a ignorant bully
The same girls sharing the video of the 9 year old Austrailian boy crying about being bullied.... Are the same girls that called me "It" and "Fat Whale" in Middle/High school. Miss me with your bullshit.
Just wanna thank my bullies in primary and secondary school I didn’t forget that shit
Atleast she is speaking on the matter no like you busy in only bully others. You are free to do that as per your evidence but please look forward and speak up on what you should rather just fighting like a school child in tweets.
yeah, she's acting like a grade schooler and all the cultist friends who follow her are like her grade school bully friends
@Louis91Tom_ Omg I can't believe someone would wish that on anyone never mind a baby the sick bitch
Apparently pretty girls get bullied throughout middle and high school. Is this true?
What a POS you are for ridiculing a young girl concerned about the environment? What did she do to you to deserve such scorn and bullying? I bet you bullied special needs kids in high school.
Can all the girls who bullied me in high school stop posting about world mental heath day lol
heidi n closet was that one girl in high school who defended the bullied white gay
ngl my greatest decision was joining twitter because now I can bully you outside of school
I remember receiving the roses my friends got for me, but they never received theirs from me. The whole day kids were looking at me funny, laughing behind my back. After school I found out what the bullies did and that my crush threw the flowers out. Kids can be so mean.
O da, zaboravio sam na to. Imagine being all giddy and excited about magic and a bunch of racist bullies break your arms and piss on your clothes in your new school because your parents live in Liverpool
one time i walked into a lil restaurant and it was owned by the parents of this girl who bullied me in high school and she was working and told me to come back soon lmfaooo bitch you may have forgotten but i didn’t
We high-five each other. Jimin has a smile on his face again. The girl, whose was bullied thanks us and she also run away. »Why did she do that?« I ask Jimin. »I don't know, but I think it's probably for the better,«he takes my hand, warm in mine.
Both my kids started at single sex high schools and both got bullied The girls were worse than the boys (expected girls can brutal) Pulled them out and sent them to mixed schools they were fine (they were both very smart and went on to university)
mfs from highschool rly sit out here and tweet “choose love guys ” “life isn’t promised ” as if they didn’t belittle and bully everyone relentlessly at school, and don’t do rails of coke at frat parties now and s*xually assault underage girls ........ okay buddy
You're like a bully in second grade "school"
Wa wa your a school yard bully
I got bullied for dressing like a guy in middle and high school. Had remarks like, "LESBIANest" and got asked out as a prank by a group of guys cause I was "the ugly girl" I never let it get to me though. I just wanted to dress the way I wanted and flaunt it to the haters
middle school bullies were the worst bullies
my middle school bully just went skydiving
Being in your last year of High School is such an achievement and something that means a lot of focus, those bullies are focusing on the wrong thing and trying to sway our girls attention. @alicewillhelp has reset her scope Fashionista in your face! #bulliesbegone #Aliceskids
What? Can't answer me now you resort to memes? You know what you both sound like? You BOTH sound like school girl bullies who make shit up to BULLY a person and when your ass is called out YOU TURN THE TABLES and say it's a "joke".
Weak boys who got bullied in high school, who got massively rejected by girls and envied the jocks, become cops. When they do, it's a lifetime of payback for being overlooked.
Big Sean's "I Don't Fuck with You" - Kids Talent Show - Fist Fight (2017... https://youtu.be/L-bvse-sM7Q via @YouTube I needed a laugh from this. I can see my daughter doing this in front of the school bully.
Tell that to all the guys and girls who bullied me middle school and high school and ruined my confidence :)
I've spent a lot of my life afraid of befriending women because I was bullied a lot by them and made to think it was all one big practical joke and no one actually liked me because that's what most girls in middle and high school showed to me but I'm done with that shit now
My middle school bullies are ugly and poor now and I’m just here like
Someone please buy me new kitchen knives... these bitches more dull than the girls who bullied me in high school.
IM SCREAMING THE GIRL WHO BULLIED ME ALL THROUGH ELEMENTARY/MIDDLE/HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEING GAY JUST POSTED HER NEW PROFILE PIC AND ITS HER WITH THE ACE FLAG AND I LOOK THROUGH HER PAGE AND ITS ALL ACE PRIDE POSTS LMAOOO HOMOPHOBIC CELIBATE RIGHTS BABEY
@AlyssaEdwards_1 looks like every girl who bullied me in high school
One time I was bullied in high school cause I tried to buy pot from this girls ex boyfriend. And that is the story of why I don’t smoke marijuana.
no, they’re jackasses. don’t let these schmucks bully you into changing your stance. my kids will be learning remotely. forcing kids to return to school while risk of infection is still prevalent is criminally negligent.
the girl that bullied me in high school
So you’re saying you bullied in high school and the horse girl still had horses in her engagement pics
I got bullied for my natural hair, lips &amp; nose in high school. Then turned to getting “ you’re the only Black girl I’ll date/ Pretty for a Black girl.” Not to mention the list they made of pretty black girls in reading. I cannot
Thinking about how fucked up it is that jr high school girls get bullied for not being sufficiently “hot”.
I’m not the same girl I was in high school, I used to get bullied by the same people who wanna be my friend now
A lot of them are random creepy men but then I have like every bully I had in high school blocked
yes, kinda like that. the title of the movie is tall girl, about a tall girl in high school being bullied for being tall.
My niece & her friends were being bullied at school &amp; the teachers were not stopping this, even though the bully was hitting them too.
a girl who were bullying me like 5 years ago left the school like four years ago cause inwas bullying her but she started and then everyone was like lori is a bully i dont like this story
the key point is societal. A trans teenager killing a high school bully isn't solving a systemic issue. and idk how just killing all the people who are ___phobic is queer liberation, there's way too many of them.
I work in a school where they hang a list of 20 different behaviors on how NOT to be a bully ! Leader dear leader made it to 33
Im pretty sure if i went to high school with my girl I would have bullied her
Everyone tweeting "this tweet/ your tweet/ your show?"
(5-?) know. It’s not rocket science. I haven’t read much about the hate on Chan, so that’s what all I have for him right now. Let’s move onto HyunJin rumors. What I’ve read so far is that a girl calmed he bullied her in high school and it effected him because of all the hate he
these are BULLIES. these are HIGH SCHOOL BULLIES
Sorry u were bullied &amp; I was bullied to in grammar school &amp; high school, I have a beer belly &amp; kids would say that I'm pregnant &amp; then by girl felt unattractive just by how they looked at me
The girl that bullied me in high school turned out to be close family friends with my husbands family. She texted him horrible things about me on our very first date and some how, some way was at our wedding
Jay-Z's high school bully: ur mom gay Jay-Z, 35 years after said incident: my mom gay
ITS 3 AM IM LAUGHING SO HARD BC THESE YT FF ARE LIKE: “when your bully finds out your boyfriend abuses you 21+” AND THE BG IS A POORLY PHOTOSHOPPED JUNGKOOK IN FRONT OF A GETTYIMAGES SCHOOL HALLWAY
girls who bullied me in high school are gfs now and im bin
I remember i started getting bullied in the second grade for having dark skin &amp; it didn’t stop until I got to high school. This is part of the reason I’ve been working on creating my non profit, so that ALL black girls know that their skin is BEAUTIFUL
Seems innocuous enough but what good things can the Children sing about Trump? Pussy grabbing, raping, and being a bully isn’t elementary school material
they’re high school bullies
and it doesn’t make sense because all these “alt” kids r the same people that would bully me for being emo in middle school lol
no one: girls who bullied me in high school: Hi Nicole, I'd like to join your LinkedIn network.
I LOVE seeing my old men’s high school hockey teammates in relationships with the exact type of girl they bullied me for looking like. Thanks for the memories, boys!!!
It’s bc they were all bullies in school and now they have no one to take it out on bc they still hate themselves:((
girls who bullied you in high school for only wearing black and having breakdowns be calling them selves emo alt queens now
Yup Phys Ed and school sports is way overblown and over funded. If city kids could bike to school you would have healthier kids. School sports seems to be for kids who play on teams outsie school. Hockey and football guys were biggest bullies.
Nigga u graduated high school now stay away from these freshmens
Thinking about the girl at my high school who lied to our dean saying that I bullied her and since she was white the dean didn’t even ask for my side of the story
It’s so ironic and funny seeing the girls who bullied me in high school working mediocre jobs around here.
I was bullied in jr high. I was embarrassed that my mom called a meeting with the principal and the girls who bullied me. The aftermath, neither of them talked to me again, and I lost all my other friends. I didn’t have a friend until junior year of high school. I survived.
Angry! Under extreme marginalization and heavy family burden, nearly dead by nelsoncat production. While school assists HIM to hide the truth and harm me till March 2020. Till now, coordinating gang of public bully me. Bad intention will forecast the evil purpose of fake HKP
When I see poorly shot wedding photos I feel bad for the bride. Unless the bride is the girl that bullied you in high school. Very satisfied. 10/10 would like to see more of that.
You can tell who peaked in high school on here. It’s those ones that bully everyone and think they can have an opinion on appearances when they aren’t much to look at either.
in fifth grade: for liking high school musical in eighth grade: for liking twilight those same girls that bullied me for both, now watch both during marathons
Lhdab @ this child here...do ya homework jerk, u new 2d play ground, I'm a school yard bully u new kid
Trump and the know nothing GOP made it so. They refuse to listen to the health experts, and then bully them into saying what Trump wants to hear. That's how the CDC modified their guidance. It wasn't based on anything other than Trump's desire to reopen schools risking everyone
No offense to band kids who might follow me but some band kids are the actual worst people I met in high school. One tried to out me infront of a large group of students and a group of band kids bullied a girl because she broke up with one of them to focus on studying...
>:( That's not a peer, that's a bully. I failed exams in my first year too. It happens more often than anyone will admit, but it's reality. Medical school is exhausting.
Yeah, honey, that's my point. I didn't get to play on organized teams leading up to high school like most kids. I got bullied and/or kicked off the girls teams bc I "played like a boy," and that wasn't fair somehow. And I couldn't join the boys teams(believe be I tried) bc vag.
Mom brutally attacked by teen girls outside CA high school; confrontation over bullied daughter https://abc7chicago.com/mom-brutally-attacked-by-teen-girls-outside-ca-high-school/5833801/
Fattest girl, wearing frumpy clothes because plus sizes were solely for old ladies in the late 80s and early 90s. Spent junior high being bullied for existing, so a hardcore loner hanging out as far away from everyone as possible. Played solitaire or read during lunch.
smh high school fucking bullies over here
He's relatable to teens. He's a kid in High school trying to get by. Gets bullied. Has a crush on a girl. Yeah sure Tony may have felt like his father figure. He wasnt in his early life until he became Spider-Man. Peter was still a kid who lived in a small apartment with aunt May
This girl I bullied in high school just sent me $20 I have to apologize now don't I :/
Lmaoo some girl on high school got bullied so bad that the administration had to call a meeting about it
I taught middle school. These kids have been through every bully prevention/be kind programout there since pre school. And now it’s pro bully culture. I also taught during Just Say No and DARE. Lol. Loved teaching &amp; subbing.
STORY TIME : I took English Studies because I was bullied by my English teachers My English teacher in soph year in high school called me an audacious bitch in class. Ya girl owned it, and I said "yeah I'm a bitch"
finally a movie for tall girls cuz i was so bullied and undesirable to men and hahaha just fuckin around i’m sexy and fun and can reach high shelves and see the stage at concerts
My secondary school seniors used to bully me to freestyle for them just cause they heard me rap once. The pressure made me say nonsense all the time Lowkey do not miss it
He reminded me of my High School Bullies.
I'm seeing some of my high school bullies soon at our 10 year reunion. Let's just hoped they matured because 27 year old me doesn't play being bullied. I'm grown there is a distinct difference between the girl I was and the woman I've become.
this broke my heart. first, that my little brother gets bullied. second, that girls in high school are rude not only to other girls but to guys also. third, that he had the maturity to not let her comment affect him and just kept walking like it’s nothing new to him.
Then that’s your choice. Just don’t bully others who want their kids to receive an education. For some kids, school is a sanctuary where they escape abuse &amp; are fed. My daughter is a PNP &amp; sees that as a bigger threat than getting COVID.
Obvious question of the day: How the hell can President Pandemic bully schools around the country to open - asserting that it's now safe to gather in groups - while at the same time cancelling the Republican convention in Jacksonville, saying it’s not safe to gather?
I never liked the movie Mean Girls except for Tina Fey. Everything else about it was kind of gross, all about cliques and super popular kids whom were cruel to everybody to become the evil prom queen. Mostly since I was always bullied in high school.
The same girls on onlyfans are the same ones that bullied me in high school when my pictures leaked so yeah I’m a little angry
Huh? School hasn’t been gone that long has it? #prayforourfuture
The Hom*phobic high school bullies
This girl from my high school bullied my friend for being a lesbian and then came out as lesbian in college lol
i just found out a girl i went to high school with who bullied me for liking doctor who uses cosplays now on onlyfans and one of the cosplays she does are characters from doctor who !!! are u kidding me ? no, i will not give you her info.
This is the high school bully who couldn't get another job so he went back to his old stomping ground...
the girl who literally bullied and harrassed me the ENTIRE time i attended carlson high school just came up on tinder i’m scREAMING
Thinking outside the box here, what if we keep private schools due to their enormous value as posh kid bullying factories? But then we prohibit the surviving bullies from ever holding public office when they grow up, obviously.
Real word doesn’t give shit about their high school popularity. They now have jobs where they can be that bully again and they are afraid of going back to their meaningless lives.
There were also girls who were bullied in high school who became nurses?
clearly most of the people in the quotes went to school where next to no one was a kpop fan and they didn’t tell anyone they liked kpop either talking about how they’d bully everyone like I don’t think you’ve ever bullied anyone irl lmao
i had alopecia in high school so i was mostly bullied for being the bald girl who wore wigs. some classmates joked about ripping it off in class (some actually tried). i was also just pretty awkward looking back then
The bullies or the bullied? Because at my school this dude was the guy shoving people into lockers before getting dishonorably discharged for hiding meth in his commanding officer's refrigerator while deployed.
i feel like a lot of times its these people who were bullied in school and now are like crazed with power cus they have the ability to bully others
How long will it take 4 students 2 realize that threatening to/or removing a face mask can be used as... (1) a weapon in a student fight (2) a weapon to bully other students (3) a weapon to threaten personal harm 2 school staff @MOREcaucusUFT @BxEU4J @MindyRosier @AntiSoylent
How i feel when i shoot the bully in my school
Parents at private school and teachers didn't bully the gov to close schools shem. Public schools and people on twitter with no kids said the gov is sacrificing kids as sacrificial lambs and bullied the President till he closed the schools that he had control of.
Ryuji: *Saves the whole team from a near death situation by putting his life on the line* Morgana: *Gets petty over being left behind on a school trip and getting insulted by someone he bullies constantly (funnily enough being Ryuji again)*
stg if one more person bullies me when I go back to school I'll call my grandma down from heaven and she will STRANGLE THEM with her babushka. her bones may have been frail but she could pack a punch
Dude said he a chess master, so I ask him why and how? His reply had me in tears. He said “I got a girl pregnant in high school so I told my parents I was getting bullied and we moved lol” Outstanding Move... #ENERGY #WC1412 #TheSlum
Dude who is sexiest tagged me in a live post that another girl wasn't happy about and him and his friends bullied her then when I said something one of his followers said I needed to be careful what I say. It was dumb and so high school
me: why are people attracted to dumbasshole cishet men. U know who I mean, Like I’ve only met like 3 of those guys that didn’t have at least 1 really really bad take on a serious issue also me: hey cishet girls, I don’t care if you bullied me in high school, snap me kaxamdays
She must have been that girl in high school that bullied everyone and thought it was funny
I remember behavior like this in elementary school. If everyone stands up to the school bully, then you take away his/her power. @Walmart you are a billion dollar company, surely you can hire guards.
Go Niner's! I'm really getting tired of this bullshit. Favre has always seemed like an asshole to me. Seems like he could have been a bully in school.
I was just subjected to a group text of girls on my high school softball team who bullied me RELENTLESSLY when I was going through a really rough time in my life
I must say. All this kak takes me back to High School. I haven’t been told I’m an attention seeker since then. One time a girl told everyone I’m telling them I’m Gay for attention. Lmaoooo. I can’t make this shit up. Yeah cos I chose to be bullied
they’re someone i would bully at school just because
Yeah but I think I used the old one I'll try again until I have something....I also remember reading a manga about a high school girl who has plotted to kill all her classmates that bullied her. That was my first gore manga
My external family was two-faced and wanted nothing to do with me because I wasn't normal. I was bullied in high school, and my supposed friends treated me like trash and made me ride in a trunk after partying to make room for "girl"
These girls make up stories about being bullied as a kid like you know we all went to the same high school right???? Lol
I ran into mine recently, and she was marveling at how her daughter is being bullied and said “I just don’t remember mean girls in high school!” and I said “because YOU WERE THE MEAN GIRL.” She looked at me blankly.
This is more high school "mean girls" treatment of a kid who was obviously pretty bullied. Now those same folk are piling on again. No one said one word when it could have made a difference. Names aren't blacked out on original posts Gossip helps nothing
Someone who I don’t think was trying to be hurtful once said the same about my daughter at her school. That person was overheard and within weeks a nasty little clique had christened my daughter Myra. It was a dreadful experience for her and only reinforced my dislike of bullies.
Oh, Luca. I'm so sorry this is happening to you. It's the bullies' weakness, not yours, though that's small compensation while you're going through it. Schools need to do more to deal with it. Strength to you, Luca. You'll survive it.
Saw a photo from an old bully from high school; she's now a prison guard at a corrections centre lmao checks out
He was bullied by girls all his high school years. That must had been hurtful
Pay for my knee surgery. I’ll damn near have the school playin in the SEC in 2 years
they are the school yard bullies who enjoyed being a bully, that found a job where they got to stay the bully.
"@2015seniorprobs: I probably wouldn&#8217;t mind school as much if we didn&#8217;t have to deal with bitch ass teachers". Retweet
Thank you I thought it was ridiculous being bullied by people who still act like high school girls, at the same time, I was losing my confidence by dealing with them at the workplace!
girls who bullied me to the brink of suicide in high school becoming nurses like
the girl who bullied me about liking blackbear pops up on my fyp high on drugs making no sense. yeah IM WEIRD
We all want Joe Biden. No bully name needed to win. You are failing ALL Americans. Or at least the half that don’t fall in line with everything you say. Pull school funding because governors don’t want kids to die. Your Republican states are dieing from #COVID19
I think I could handle the cruelty of school kids way better now knowing more about the psychology of why they bully, and having dealt with far worse people as an adult. Waiting tables was way worse than high school.
i love seeing the girls who bullied me in high school posting selfies on instagram in honor of “supporting other women” LMAO kick rocks Alexandra
this girl from high school preaching about black lives matter when she bullied me so hard for being gay lmao y’all can’t support one but not the other shut tf up
Exactly. making fun of Christians is like being the school bully and picking on the new kids. You know they wont do sh*t abotu it.
abby dahlk*mper looks exactly like all of the girls i went to high school with that played soccer and bullied everyone and it really triggers me LMAO
Sure, school kids basically bully anyone different, if I didn't reply to your first two LinkedIn messages, I'm interested.
the 'radical' cis folks love saying 'arm the trans kids' right til one of us marches into a school and sends their bully to hell
Can everyone still at school, not bully their teachers, like I genuinely mean it
I don’t even know why I was bullied. I don’t think bullies need a reason. I didn’t fit in with the popular crowd so that was enough for them, I guess. I got a pixie cut in high school and heard ppl whispering “dyke” in the halls because apparently short hair = attracted to girls
THEN RESIGN SO IT WILL TRAITOR. I still want to know about the #RussianBounty you ignored. Or why a vote TRUMPs life since the #TrumpVirus has cost so many of them. SAD that Mr. #TrumpleThinSkin only wants to whine and cry like the school bully when we speak out. #ResignTrump
I'm not normally a fighter nor do I condone it but yes show that Bully! Coming from a girl who was bullied through middle and high school! Glad to see someone shut the bully down!
“ Black girls didn’t like me because I got bullied in High School because I was a nice black guy in a anime shirt”
Guys I just saw someone tell a 13 year old girl that she’s gonna have no friends in high school and will be bullied for being a trump supporter racist and homophobic and will grow up to be a drop out and work at a gas station... AND ID DO IT AGAIN BOP BOP
I can't believe what I just saw. I've been with Mingyu ever since we were in middle school and this kid can't even lift a single finger to defend himself from bullies but now, no words can depict how traumatizing what I've seen.
All the girls I bullied in high school have kids. #yourewelcome
@Paytonhodges Bitch i missed you to , when yo ugly ass commin back to school ? (:
tinder experience is just matching with all the alt girls i had 1 class with in high school who probably bullied me at some point
They're all just participating in the lie as a power play. They get off on it emotionally. I view it like the bully in school who knocks books out of a kid's hands then denies it and then his three friends, who helped corner the victim, chime in saying he didn't do it.
S/o Ben Shapiro’s middle school bullies
the girls who bullied you in high school are now training to become PSWs to commit elder abuse
I am glad Trek was there for you during the miserable time at high school. It has been there for me too at tough times. High school is very tough everyone is so judgmental about how you look, talk etc... If you like to study you can be a prime target for bullies
girl who bullied you in jr high: omg hey girl hey!! it’s been SO LONG! how are you doing babe?? i just got this super exciting opportunity and and as a fellow boss babe i TOTALLY thought of you as someone who would LOVE it!!!
She's the archetypal school bully.
#WhyIDontLikeTrump He's basically everything I hate rolled into one package: school bully, rich asshole w/o consequence, abuser, liar, anti-science, totalitarian, one of the few people in my life who has made me say "maybe loving all humanity and life is overrated."
when i was at high school in 2005 all the queer kids got outed and bullied while the straight girls had binders full of livejournal printouts of this stuff, the early to mid 00s were bleak
remember when u would get absolutely harassed by ur bullies at school and ur mom would just b like “haha it’s because they have a crush on u ”
when someone mentions me & my middle school bully says ‘ omg stephanie !? yeah i know her she’s sooo pretty ! ‘ babe you’re the reason i have body dysmorphia thx tho :^
... Did he not bully you at the start of high school? I think that it seems fair but you can repent your sins by reciting a verse from the bible if you wish.
the most pointless character...and yet i can’t stand jandi for falling for the guy who literally caused the whole school to bully her i remember the actor’s name more he’s fine as fuck can’t believe he was a side character not even a second lead
I can relate to this girl to an extent I was put on probation for telling two white girls at my first high school that I would fuck em up and ofc bc they were white and I wasn’t I had to deal with the police I had evidence of being bullied yet I was the one who got the bullet smh
I think IT bloggers should blog like recipe bloggers with some childhood story and how it relates to running IT systems. "This guy used to bully me in grade school, so I made all his password expire every week, here's how..."
He was a bully in high school (Horace Mann in NYC). Nothing’s changed.
you had every right to tell her... everyone cares when it’s the skinny white girl getting “bullied” but when it was the bigger guy in high school it was okay
No but there was a time a bully in elementary school would keep asking for half of my burger if i ever had one. I was scared of being targeted so id comply. To stop this, I ate the burger in a circle to make sure every eend had my bite marks.
This girl in high school bullied the fuck out of a bi girl who was dating a girl for being a lesbian... like would not shut the fuck up about it... She has a girlfriend now? you gonna apologize to all the “dykes”
Derby is a rude bully yeses. Only last week they were bullying a school principal for speaking out. Look at her now
//I will try to remember that.
When did hot girls start liking anime????? Where tf were you all when I was being bullied for liking it all throughout high school
I’m a bisexual I was bullied quite badly in high school and I reported them often but because I was the ‘gay’ girl in a catholic school I was just treated like I was insecure that I had feeling for these girls.
a girl who bullied me elementary school through high school is on a okc ad within the ap and this is why I don’t use okc anymore
𝕧𝕖𝕣𝕠𝕟𝕚𝕔𝕒 '𝕣𝕠𝕟𝕟𝕚𝕖' 𝕙𝕒𝕣𝕣𝕚𝕤𝕠𝕟 / (𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕠.𝕘.) 𝕫𝕠𝕖𝕪 𝕕𝕖𝕦𝕥𝕔𝕙 [depressed art thot, ex-pageant girl &amp; ex-cheer captain, probably bullied you in high school]
the year was 2015. i wanted nothing more than to be a tumblr girl. i now understand why i got bullied in high school.
What’s sad is you’re the only one in the convo who A.) appears to be fretted B.) is speaking like a high school girl getting bullied C.) has actually USED the word sad, albeit almost every tweet. Dude I get it, you brought up the Steelers, talked shit..
Y’all ever look at the bitches who used to bully you in high school and they end with the ugliest looking piece of scum man and you’re out here dating the hottest women to walk the earth bc sameeeeeeee
Get this my school bully actually joined the Church and did preaching from the bible at the Alter #Oy no down on her knees &amp; asking forgiveness... I guess I’m assuming everyone has seen movie The 10 Commandments
Bullies. The problem is we let them get their way in schools. So they never stopped. Because they never learned. Because they were never taught. No offense, teachers, this isn't a lesson you can teach most of them.
Awake thinking about the bitch in my Qual. Methods course who has somehow managed to bully me?? In class breakout sessions? Virtually?? In grad school??? Like, okay Regina George. Fuck.
I feel like there’s a trend around royale high and it’s where people are constantly putting these things on their names: cute, shy, tomboy, bad girl, gets bullied, weird, no one likes, scary, SINGLE(violates terms of service), and many other. These are usually attention seekers.
Right! The thought is so crazy that if it ever happened, the cop would be awarded the freakin' Nobel Peace Prize! Just reminds me of back in school how many kids actually cheered on the bully on the playground. These types are no different
Bill I love veryone :) I get bully a lot back at school but now it’s closed :) and I happy now I feel such a good person now and helpful!! Bles everyone!!!
I’m not prepared for Luna to grow up and go to school because if one of yall’s snotty nosed kids bully my child I’m beating a child’s ass. on sight
@curryspcworld the advert your currently running on radio where the girl is ashamed of her laptop when she see's another student, is it not bad taste? encouraging people to go into debt so they don't get bullied, financial pressure on parents this time of year is already high
This makes me want to bully Kennedy more. But look at him. You know if he wasnt a Kennedy would have been bullied like crazy in school.
You pay and obsess over hot girls online because you were bullied and used for amusement and homework all throughout high school
People in Fulton County who were bullies in high school who are now having this good vibes spiritual awakening.. No thank you
every time a girl that bullied me in high school tries to get me to join their pyramid scheme i level up
Before I tested in Bronx Science, one of NYC's gifted schools, I had a few good friends but also quite a number of bullies who called me a coon, an Uncle Tom, got into scrapes with them Had I stayed in the local school system... probably would still be working in McD's
Yes I’m 25 years old & sent this to a teenager who thinks it’s cute to be a bully. Also, I was bullied constantly in high school for being dark skin &amp; had to deal with nutty girls like this. Ugh. The ugliest. https://twitter.com/wavyemma/status/1262772443963244549
I went through a lot of this, growing up, so I can understand the feeling. Even from people who knew me in school and college, but who couldn't at least voice their issues in person. Instead, such people chose to hide behind a screen and bully me online.
I watch things where kids get bullied off the dumbest shit &amp; get soo mad like girl fuck that kid &amp; his opinion lmao. I pray I build my future kids confidence &amp; self esteem up so high they just look at ppl who say stupid shit &amp; laugh.
Was thinking about this today. He's like the high school bully who has to surround himself with goons who will protect or fight FOR him. If he ever got challenged, he'd back down like the coward he is.
i also got bullied when I was 4-6 but that was jst because i was a tomboy and five yr old girls are mean. i got a rock thrown at me and at my house several times (once got hit directly in the eye) and was made to eat dirt another time lmao. jokes on them they peaked in high skl
LMAOO don’t throw shade in the first sentence & end with “let’s each other” like, high school bully much???
do not buy watered down snake oil cbd gummies from that girl who bullied u in high school know ur worth queen
We've all been through school K-12. We've all seen bullies and sports jocks and of course one idiot that brags and acts like tRump. Inevitably that braggart ends up with his face rearranged by one of the bullies. I'm curious why someone hasn't punched mango Mussolini?
The freakin' school bully is in a govt. Seat....amazing...never grew out of his bullying ways..needs to lose his seat.
Then after I recovered I went to this school and it was alright so I made a new friend her name was hayley spelled the same way me and her were in band and pe she was so nice then one day I seen the my bully when to the same school as me her mom pulled me aside and said you bitch
I’m LOLing at this girl who bullied me in high school becoming a self-proclaimed “life coach.”
all the power he wants/needs. *IMPEACH BARR NOW* He is the puppeteer and Trump is his puppet. Barr is a bully and has been since grammar school. A bully in any position of power looks like this. *IMPEACH BARR NOW* @ProjectLincoln @glennkirschner2 @gtconway3d @donwinslow
no more drugs at school no more bullies at school no more school shootings at school no more teenage pregnancies which means no more unwed on welfare no more abortions no more dead beat fathers no more kids growing up without fathers to shoot up stores get the point? You take the
he looks like the girls in high school who bullied me for not wearing makeup lol
The girls who bullied you in Junior High School grew up and got a tv talk show.
As Trump bullies CDC to reopen on schools we should consult Mary Trumps book for clues. Why does he hate children? Could it be because they aren’t strong? Like so many who have been killed thus far by COVID-19?
Similar thing happened with Mike. Got tripped up by a bully, broke his collar bone &amp; the teacher told him to carry on. Safe to say my headteacher of a mum was not happy. But now he likes to run, cycle and hike. Guess it’s important to not let your school exp define you for life.
nahh cause elementary school bullies be real creative. went to school one day with braids and was forever called black madusa
I was not aware that there are people who still act like middle school bullies over the age of 17
damn I sometimes think about those girls who bullied me in high school because I called them out for bullying another girl so badly she transferred, but moreso I think about that girl and how she’s literally living in Hawaii now, having the time of her life
Will never forget when a girl who yelled that she was going to kill me in the middle of a school debate between us messaged me years later to say that she's had to go to therapy because she felt bullied and oppressed by me throughout high school... i mean???
I'm a 51 year old too. Was picked on and bullied from the age of 5 by the same group of girls til I left high school at 16. Can pretty much remember every name they called me.
NOT MY SISTERS TELLING ME THEY BULLIED THESE GIRLS ON ROBLOX ROYAL HIGH FOR BEING TRUMP SUPPORTERS GOD HELP ME
A group of girls when i was a freshman in high school said i was acting like them or “copying” them, im still confused by that cause im deadass an awkward weirdo, i got bullied for being overweight, having too much moles on my face, big eyes, my name “leiza lizard”
girls who bullied me in high school are my dicks now and im pants
I get bullied because of my size ever in high school I have been called fat, a girl took my lunch money and I was scared to open up to my mother because I didn’t know what to do but I am me, we are all unique in our own special way whatever the skin colour, size, or sexuality
Ive been reflecting on my experience as a black feminist in high school. And how I have been vocal about blm online since I was 16 &amp; I got a lot of shit for it. I was bullied &amp; harassed by my classmates. Unsurprisingly it was pretty much only black girls who defended and stood up
That's the problem nowadays mate, in this generation it seems at least in high schools in Canada girls get bullied by other girls if they don't have a boyfriend, seems to be the same for guys too. The media and magazines are to blame.
Schools, universities and landlords asking to be paid in cash dollars. These are some of the the bullies that need to be stopped by swift and firm legislation
...He tolerates the bullying and tries as much as possible to appease them when the opportunity arises. One afternoon, West on his way from school witnessed the bullies beating up another boy. He was forced fed grass and dust. This is West's opportunity. To ally with the bully.
THISSS LMAO the girls who bullied me in middle/high school tryna sell me hair products now
plss my ex oomfs are bullies school fucking bullies
@bella_jella97 I'm in middle school, and yes I'm a bully victim too sorry! I know it's horrible!
As a child I was bullied, I was excluded, I was even beat up for being “fat” In high school... I was overly sexualized and convinced I would be pretty if I just lost weight. And the common thing to say was Lacey is hot for a fat girl “I’d fuck her but not date her.”
All the girls that bullied me in high school are now trying to recruit me for their pyramid schemes
i am in a similar situation tbh my mom doesn't really care , my father is homophobic and my school is too . my classmates describe gay ppl as "disgusting" and they even said that once they see a gay person they would bully the shit out of them , so yeah pray for my bi ass
kwkwkw punya pengalaman yak ka ? I’ve been bullied verbally since high school some even said to me that I should move to Bali to find foreign husband because foreigners like girl like me who has exotic skin tone dengan kata lain bule kan sukanya ama yang item2 kaya lo kwkw fak
— bully at her old school, yet here she was, despite being pissed at being knocked over, feeling something totally new to her. She glared at the giggling girls, before she took off out the door after the girl.
It was so annoying like I came out in middle school leave me alone
At my high school popular girls didn’t but if you weren’t a cheerleader or an athlete then you got bullied. Literally by girls who liked the same things you did
She’s always acted like the victim, she’s bullied so many people in grade/high school and never got in trouble. She always acts like she’s hot shit when in reality shes the weird horse girl that no one likes
the girls that bullied me in high school are all invested in shitty MLMs, so who is the real winner here?
Private school teachers are THE most screwed professionals in America. Qualifications: multiple degrees, current licensure, passionate teacher. Benefits: poverty wages &amp; parents that bully you. Perks: expected to do sales job promoting the school or your school will go broke.
-I was bullied in the 7th grade by every girl in the 7th &amp; 8th-grade classes. -I was outcasted in high school (not sure why but I've been told it was because females didn't like me for various reasons). -Lost multiple best friends (females) oftentimes for unclear reasons but
I had a dream where I beat up my elementary school bully and beat him in basketball. Today is gonna be a good day.
Super! And you can tell she was bullied in high school bc shes a mean girl now. Davina is literally a shit stirrer! I hate how in season 2 heather and christine are bffs now, so fake!
She is a queen-bee, mean-girl thug of the kind found in high schools everywhere. The kind we lie to bullied kids about and tell them they “grow out of it.” They don’t.
Was bullied in high school for bad English because I just came from a village school in grade 9. Till today, 15 years later I still hate that girl Penny.... et al even
RULES TO TEACH YOUR KIDS: Never shake a hand sitting down. Don’t take the first offer. Hold your heroes to high standards. Ask out the best looking guy/girl in the room. Eat lunch with the new kid. Manners matter. Protect those bullied. Be confident &amp; humble. #coachestribune
A girl that bullied me in high school about my brother being in jail just got charged with selling METH and FENTANYL! Karma’s a motherfucking bitch.
my sister in law was friends with the girl who bullied me in high school and she keeps sharing pictures from that time on fb and its giving me horrible flashbacks
my mom keeps showin me snaps of her bar hoppin with the girl that bullied me in high school lmao like
i enjoy that bitch, everytime that song is playing in my school i was like guurll i need to shit myself and jumping like a donkey and everytime my classmate bully me i listen to fifth harmony to relax myself and be calm
They are just against stupidity from a grade school bully president
girl who bullied you in high school asking you to join her pyramid scheme ASMR
god I wish I had friends so we could gang up on my bully and soulfully perform replay and then transition into an aggressive sherlock and put my bully to shame like we're in high school musical or something
i never really publicized it because i was already isolated by a girl in high school so i didn’t want to make it worse. but, i wasn’t scared to be bullied because of liking k-pop, i was more scared of the fact that people would be close-minded because “i don’t know how you can +
Bro how we got the same story? These two girls that bullied me in high school both got pregnant later that same year
Life is full of bitchy people who want to eliminate people so that they can climb the food chain. There’s a girl named Ronda from high school who bullied me before I grew to be 5’10” it kinda makes me wants to attend a reunion.
Midoriya began his torrent of nonstop muttering, listing the pros and cons of Katsuki and Ochako’s fighting styles. As he began to list a series of childhood scuffles Katsuki got into with school bullies as ‘bonus material to take into consideration’, the match had already begun.
i feel like a hot queer version of every girl that bullied me in high school and i’m living for it
the amount of time I just spent fb stalking the girls who bullied me in high school...concerning
Idk anything about Idina Menzel except that she gives off the exact vibe of every show choir girl that bullied me in high school
It's a show of Dem self humiliation. They act like high school bully, no class, no civility. The show of rudeness and arrogance has the same mentality of mob protesters.
and i’m not going to sit down and make a video with screenshots exposing my bUlLiEs these are bUlLiEs these are high school fucking BULLIES
This video really brought back Middle School/ High School trauma for me. I was bullied relentlessly and it always seemed to be over a nigga and the entire school would be involved. I hope that little girl is okay emotionally and physically. Experiences like this can harden you
I was bullied and outcast into eating disorders and depression throughout middle/high school. But today: as a low income girl, raised by a single mother (who recently passed away 1 year ago), in a 1 bedroom apt, I am steps away from graduating harvard on full FA with honors
Yes, join me in my tears as I think about SHINee sending Taemin to school to protect him from bullies He was really so young omg
high schoolers are ruthless. girls get bullied for being over 6 feet tall. so why are y’all mad that they made a movie about it
The fuck, shooting a school bully isn't self defense lmao.
No parents won't get into trouble because home schooling is perfectly legal.. Schools like to bully parents to get government funding.. Governments like to bully parents to keep them in systems that teach them what to think and not how to think.
I bet she bullied girls in high school.
pretty sure most terfs got bullied in high school by the pretty girls
the way my sisters were the popular high school bullies mmmm...
It was horrible primary school was okay lol.. Junior high and Senior were the pits. There was another girl from Tanzania who was also being bullied so we became best friends till this day
Suicide rates have skyrocketed since social media became prominent, 14% of high school kids have contemplated suicide, bullied kids are up to 9 times more likely to commit suicide, and girls are more likely than boys. It's not something you can deduce that far with much validity.
My friend Olivia and I have been friends since 2011. She's the only person from my primary school I'm still really close to
The memories today were sad, especially as it reminded me of what kind of person A was. He was a jokester. He sort of glued our class together into being the nicest class in school. He was also instrumental in helping turn someone who was bullying me into...not a bully.
Exclus have the same energy as those people in school who are like “omg!! i’m SO inclusive i LOVE neurodivergent people!! i just think that any neurodivergent behaviour is fucking gross and weird and i will bully you for showing it.”
I grew up in the 50s-60s. We had telephones, playgroups, clubs, school cliques and bullies. All were very effective transmitters of farragos of fact, fiction, envy, spite, admiration, insult, status, scandal. Not quite 24/7 but pretty close.
No, because she is a huge phony. Was bullied in high school and called the N word by some white girls. Had the NAACP sue for her for a HUGE sum of money. She HATES when blacks are victims unless it is her.
It blows me when parents be worst than the bullies at school
I was thinking the same thing too, but then my mom was like “ the staff”.... the school bus drivers, most do them are older, the janitors, the lunch ladies, substitute teachers. I just want my baby to be in an environment that’s best for him. I wish he can go back to school.
Found out that the girl who bullied me all throughout high school is going to grad school for psychology / counseling...... ....... .......
Hijabi lives in a diverse community and joins the fencing team after impressing everyone in school, goes pro and beats her childhood white bully at his own game and gets her revenge.
got bullied my first year in middle school for liking my 8th grade guy friend, he was sweet and then turned against me, had my friends that were his friends bully me and i got called tw// slut, whore,// so many times
Never. I’ve never loathed anyone more. Not even the girl who bullied me in high school
If famous people with double-barrelled surnames had them sawn-off at the end like shotguns, would they sound like bullies from a 1980's comprehensive school? Tony Worrall Lozza Llewellyn Andy &amp; Jules Lloyd Billy Rees Danny Day John Cooper john Cougar Ralph Vaughan Pheebs Waller
they gonna bully this nigga at school and call him names like winfrey
@howleriq you look like every bully, who is acting out because his parents are getting divorced, in every movie about middle school kids.
this girl literally bullied the shit out of me and was just a snobby ass brat. ruined my high school years and i told my CHILDHOOD friend about her and what she did and she still hangs out and supports her... wtf? i’m so disappointed.
my high school was pretty ghetto so ppl would have fights outside of the school all the time, one time a pregnant girl pulled up and fought a bitch and surprisingly won, and she was like 7 months, but I don’t think any got physically bullied
He looks a lot like my OC 'Boyfriend' in high school that I named Henry. @WarWizardz convinced me to do this, because he is both a bully and hype-man.
This paedo conso saw me today and asked why I had so much beards. From the way she was looking at me, I'm sure she wished school was on session so she could bully me to shave it. Obeya 1 : 0 Conso. .
All the people I used to bully in middle school “hey girl! Hope you’re doing well! Pls watch this short video and give me money ”
One junior student I do bully in secondary school just finished from a military school,he posted a picture with a Gun and tagged only me. #BBNaija #bbnaija2020 Should I be worried??
fun fact about the last picture: the kid on the left is a cop now and the girl on the right hated me for no apparent reason and bullied me/made my life fucking miserable until high school graduation
Same, but for me it’s high school bullies, not crushes, which makes it all the more sweeter.
Luca, be strong here .... at the end of the day bullies are just "cowards"!! We have all in one way or another experienced "school bullies" and it hurts deeply! Stand up to them and see how they react and how many will follow you rather than them! Much love to you Luca
it also stemmed from the girls who bullied me when i was younger. i realized later it was wrong to assume the worst of girls because of my history with them. in high school i met other girls who treated me right and they were amazing friends to me.
I had friends at my old school they used me and then i got new friends they left i got new friends they used me a bully turned all my friends agianst me i made one true friend but then moved the next year at my new school i made friends they found me to annoying so they left-
There are 2 groups within Trump's Cult: _ School yard Bullies who admire &amp; cheer for the Bully in the WH. _ Those who are too intimidated &amp; fear Trump, and remain silent while doing his bidding as part of his quid pro quo deal-making. In other words, Republicans.
...she looks like she would’ve bullied me in high school in 2007, and not in a homoerotic way. she looks like all the Kohl’s-shopping wannabe popular girls in 2007.
I would also like to add that a lot of girls hate Nicki because of she’s both beautiful and cocky. One YouTuber who slandered Nicki said that she hated Nicki because she reminded her of the pretty girls who bullied her in high school but she realized Nicki is not those girls
A cop from where I grew up in nh used to harass high school girls and make them suck his dick to be let go... He got killed by one of the kids he bullied. #makecopsillegal
i was bullied in high school and i’m going into nursing school i wasn’t a mean girl except for this one friend who would fight w me all the time
It's actually directly related to the tiktok girl. This "type" of girl is the kind she wished she "bullied better" in high school. Meaning she wants to bully all girls such as the one in the tiktok for just having an opinion.
I just happened to find out that the girl who bullied me all throughout grade school (some high school too) and was obsessed with copying me, also went into graphic design. This girl was never artistically inclined. How creepy is it, that she is still low-key stalking me!?
This girl who bullied the hell out of me in high school is apparently now supporting my makeup journey? But like a ghost... Never likes or comments but watches my stories...??? I'm... Confused??
Love my soft high school bully looking son and his little buddy with an even littler ponytail.
Ah yes some random thing on Reddit making me remember how people at school decided to bully me because I was lactose intolerant and had to bring my own food.
Most of the girls that bullied me in high school are all still really hot and wealthy and didn’t get ugly like 15 yo me had hoped!
Brands with 400 followers run by girls who bullied you in high school trying to get me to collaborate...... is not it.......
MegaTokyo lives in an ancient, untouched, and cursed part of my brain. Stoked to find out they’re still going today, in the same way you’re stoked to find out your middle school bully got his teckdeck taken by your English teacher msThompson
Avoiding zero-gravity swirlies has been a full-time job for 12-yo Connor ever since he arrived at his new school. So when he discovers a strange telepathic connection that allows him to hack devices with his mind, he sees an opportunity to get even with his bullies. #SFFpit #MG
thoughts on yumeko. this is not her. SCHOOL BULLIES
Me in high school: gets bullied for having black hair and other reasons that make zero sense. Girls who bullied me: have dyed their hair black and complain on Facebook about how mean kids are bullying their kids.
My favorite part of the decade was getting violently cyber bullied on Tumblr in high school and a teacher took the other girl’s side and blamed me.
No vote's meaningless. It's a right to vote to represent one's conscience. We must change to ranked-choice voting, though, so every vote counts to determine a winner. The present system gives all the power to only the two bigger bullies in the school yard. #RankedChoiceVoting
I got bullied for: being a victim of pedophilia being alone being chubby being 11 and not shaving my mustache having the weirdest and loudest girl in the school as my best friend my dad not being present I hated high school, but it gave the most wonderful people!
He acts like a high school bully. He does not belong in government. #GymJordan
like the ppl at my school would probably bully me if they found out i was a lesbian nd theyd definitely make fun of me nd dehumanise me if they found out abt me being nby
this is why asaf is letting ME in the fake scenario and none of YOU guys. y’all are BULLIES. high school BULLIES
making a video of screenshots exposing my bullies!! these aRE BULLIES THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES ANDTHEYWILLCOMETOMEANDSAY you are 29 years old EKIFSKSJ FUCK YOU
She SAID SHE WOULD BULLY US IF WE WENT TO SCHOOL TOGETHER FFS And then we clapped back and said we are being toxic ... I think grandma droppped her pills again
Girl you know me. I ain’t get bullied in high school and it ain’t gon start now
This kid called Will who used to bully me and Dan in primary school asked his uncle if he could work with him, his uncle works with my dad/Dan. Didn't know this was his uncle till he said who his daughter was. Quite the revelation. But the uncle asked Dan to teach Will.
i might become a cyber bully when we go back to school idkidk
He sounds like a high school bully getting called out
The US is the high school bully nobody likes.
She loves it. Five bucks says she also bullied other girls in middle and high school
so i was feeling pretty self conscious and crappy earlier for some reason, and then stumbled across the facebook page of the girl who bullied me ALL through high school.
I bet she was an arrogant bully at school..
this made me so mad like this is something my secondary school bully would say
I was bullied in high school because of a medical condition. Worse yet, it was an all girls Catholic H.S. I sign petitions whenever I can about getting bullies out of schools. Life is too short for school kids of any age to be picked on!!
I've bought one of those anti-bullying wristbands. Well, when I say 'bought', I snatched it off some short fat ginger kid...
Some guy out there is like: One time this girl I bullied in high school matched me on Tinder and we fucked and then the next day she said she was breaking up with me cuz I bullied her in high school and I remembered why everyone made fun of her in high school.
dear people who would bully me in middle school for being a directioner, if y'all thought i was normal again, well im not, i'm still obsessed :)
Popular girls who bullied you through high school and then friend you so they can sell you essential oils
These girls bullied me in high school now want me to support their businesses.
Iam That Big Girl They Bullied For 9 Years Through elementary to high school 10Th Grade ,They Killed my Self Esteem and Just by 1 year And a half Just with God I Gained My Confidence back ! I love myself more then EVER !! #ThankYouGod
Keep your self esteem high girl you're far superior than those shits who bullied you. Just ignore them they are even not worthy to be replied.
One time in grade school a girl I was friends with told my crush some things about me that weren’t true and she hated me, so I ruined her life and got the whole school to hate her and bully her, it was rough. I don’t know what happened but she stopped showing up after that
Girls who hate her for no reason are the same girls that bullied other girls based on their looks in high school. Insecure of themselves
these girls bullied me in high school just because I was from Clovis
ARU SHAH + GOONIES To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th "hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #MG #FA
This guy mocks and trashes everyone. He then gets a sad face when everyone else does it to him in return? That's like the senior bully in school picking on the freshman. Then the freshmans older brother returning the favor.
I was bullied for being fat and clever, my tormentors were four black girls, one of them in high school became a famous athlete and a TV game show star. I am still fat and I don't hate black people.
Start networking. They tried their shit where I live and it lasted 1.5 days. They are the school bully looking for the wimpiest cities that won't fight.
okey i finished glee (dont judge im bored) and the whole storyline of blaine dating kurts old bully that gave him deaththreats and made his life a living hell so bad he had to change schools doesn’t sit right w me
Well SGT tried to Ey people to harass some girl she bullied in high school, also plugs her podcast, and posts the same “women bad” posts form people with 10 followers while BGT shows everyone from left,right, and apolitical
what’s so funny is that i literally got bullied out of my first high school for liking one direction. I ended up transferring. The same girls that made fun of me for liking them are blowing up their socials about the tenth anniversary like please kindly fuck off
I remember the first fight i had, it was senior year of high school, and was tired of getting bullied, i slammed that poor girls head againts a window three different times later that day i saw a post made by her saying “i thought I was going unconscious”
no cuz i know this man has bullied a girl into starving herself at least once or twice in high school. i can feel it.
The 10-year challenge, along with creeping the Facebook photos of people I went to high school with, shows me that the people who were bullied get hot, the bullies and "cool" people let themselves go, and the average girls like myself kind of just stay the same.
Btw if you want to have more of a masc look, cut your fringe and tie your hair back and wear a hoodie with the ho… — thank you! i had a fringe before but my school would bully me again so
I made another video of The varina high school staff I really do appreciate when u help me get through life and how to ignore bullies or haters @amseelyeducator @VHS_BlueDevils @CalderVHS
I'm a 60 yr old Nana. My last physical altercation was when I was 9, & an 11 yr old bully kept pushing my 7 yr old bro at the school bus stop. 51 years later, I wouldn't be against landing a throat punch on a certain screaming monkey. His neighbors must be saints.
𝐀 𝐒𝐢𝐥𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐕𝗼𝐢𝐜𝐞 𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐭𝐮𝐬:completed The story of a deaf girl and the boy that bullied her in elementary. They meet again high school and the boy feels unworthy of the girl's kindness cause of his past actions. Regardless, the boy attempts to make up for his mistakes
These ladies really do remind me of the high school chicks...with all the bullying by one "Diva" and everyone stirring her on...
A friend who was a public school teacher for over 40 years told me that every year they would ask the kids what they wanted to be when they grew up, and when they mentioned being a cop, every year for over 40 years, the class bullies were the only ones to raise their hands
Starting some school shopping for my daughter on pro wrestling tees. And this is one of her first requests. Shes 8 and going into 3rd grade. Cant bully my kid. @abadon_AEW
these are bullies THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES
//Can't reply at the moment so here is a video of my chickens. Their babies grew a lot since last time.
I’m so sick of the word bullied. Are we fucking 14? In high school? Jesus Christ people. We are all big boys n girls.
We are doomed I’m stuck in a nightmare that all the popular bullies from middle school are in charge
One time junior year of high school my ex made a sex tape with a girl who had bullied me since 6th grade while he and i were dating
#lrt that's so true lol, one of the girls that bullied me in high school is a midwife now
Got bullied in middle and early high school because I was always accepted by the girls and spent all my time with them but I didn't enjoy "guy talk" with the guys my age. Funny how that turned out.
A girl in the Mankhurd region of Mumbai was bullied by Muslim residents for raising her voice against the blaring of azaan in high volume from a neighborhood mosque in her area. https://www.opindia.com/2020/06/mumbai-girl-bullied-for-requesting-to-lower-volume-of-azaan-blaring-from-mosques-loudspeaker-local-mla-asks-her-to-leave-her-house/amp/
call the girl who bullied you in high school
had another one of those dreams about having to go back to high school last night. only this one was a lil more spicy bc 2 of the girls who bullied me were there !!
good to know the girls that bullied me in high school are doing well :)
oh no not a girl who bullied me for being shy in high school sharing social anxiety awareness posts on fb
In my daughter's debut short, a high school girl learns that #loveislove and that bully's never win. Read for free and vote for each chapter on @sofanovelglobal https://www.sofanovel.com/book/spring #LGBTQ #authorcommunity #writerscommunity #book #webnovel #webseries #read #vote
I love subs who dated girls through high school and secretly got turned on by the thought of getting bullied by the weird, hot boy in their class. The amount of men who feel a weight lift off their shoulders when they call me Daddy is just...astounding to me.
I’m in school for teaching and if I see a dork like this I’m telling my kids it’s their legal obligation to bully him.
Michelle Obama graduated Harvard law school. Here are a few of her accomplishments. Melania is a porn star, who pays lip service to anti bullying, whilst her husband continues to be a bully. Nice try though.
not all the mean girls from my high school wanting to become elementary education majors like “i want to make a difference in a child’s life” you sure as hell made a difference in my life when you bullied the shit out of me in 8th grade
Yooo what happened to my tweet? Well anyway I followed some girl from high school and she blocked me cause shes a conservative and all I have to say is THANK YOU for doing the work for me. I would have definitely cyber bullied your ass after the first Trump retweet
I also find it interesting that the ones who said that they were bullied in high school or are the ones now who are doing the bullying or are the “mean” girls
remember when that welsh girl said that she would have bullied me if we had gone to the same high school like it was some huge dunk and then she tried to convince people that i was lying about my sister dying even tho other people on twitter had been to the funeral
She literally made me repeat the story for the secretary, the vice principal, and a parent doing a tour of the school. She was literally showing me off because I was eloquent. She never even punished the bully.
and then the entire school bullies you for being an f word yupp
girls have “don’t compare your life to someone else’s highlight reel” in their Instagram bio then say that Sydney wasn’t bullied in high school because there’s a pageant picture of her in the yearbook
It's really bad you let the school yard bully DT kick you in the ass, and call you names yet you still grovel behind him. If you have children, don't try to teach them integrity, they'll just wonder how they got such a coward.
Why don’t you stop being a child calling people names!!! We punish bullies and namecalling in our schools. Why don’t you EVER set an example for ANYONE????
The girl that used to bully me in high school told me happy birthday, does that mean I’m winning at life
gibby and sam. jade will talk shit but she can’t back it up, while sam is completely about that action. plus, sam beat up carly’s school bully with ease. gibby practically destroyed nora twice so he’s a solid pick.
The girls that stan Lizzo the hardest rn are the ones that bullied the weird/fat kids in high school.
I love that @Jo_dirty_dan knows when I need to have a night of eating stew, watching a crazy stressful horror movie, flashing back to the girls that bullied us in high school, and picking a slug off her wall (?!?!!) But no actually it was exactly what my brain needed tonight
Thank you. It luckily stopped when I suddenly got “cool” in high school. The sociological clicks kids endure are mind boggling. All the time, growing up, I stood up for other kids being bullied. But I could not shake the girl who seemed to be able frighten and manipulate me.
I know this is mean, but the majority of the girls in high school that bullied me for being “fat” are HELLA over weight now
Fuck you and your mom..
A lot of hit tweets about how bg stans are "ugly fat white girls who were bullied in high school" and other lowkey sexist tweets are literally written by allo cis gay male gg stans
am I the only one who does not find this man attractive at all he looks like he will bully me in high school and roofie me in college
Cops are just kids who were either bullied in school or bullies with small dicks and now they hate the world
An old high school mate made fun of me for not calling this guy who bullied one of our girls a “pussy” because she thought me saying “he’s not worth it” wasn’t enough. I could call a man a “pussy”. But that would be a compliment.
idk about y’all but he looks like bully me in middle school
My step-brother was dyslexic and bullied. I soon (as his only big sister) learned to stand up to the bullies who teased him, it was so bad he didn’t want to go to school. I think it’s why I still will fight quite strongly to this day for anyone being bullied or treated unfairly.
Personality At first, Danny was an average teenager attending high school, awkward and nervous but friendly. Like most teenagers, he had crushes on girls, desires to be popular, a dislike of bullies, and embarrassment about his parents. But unlike most teenagers he had ghostly
it’s so funny seeing the girl that bullied me and made my high school experience a living hell post all these positive, uplifting, and inspiring things about “being kind to everyone, always.” coughcoughhypocritecoughcough.
when I get bullied in high school by this girl in my class my parents were like "don't worry you'll be more successful than her" WELL NOW SHE HAS 155k FOLLOWERS ON TIKTOK AND I HAVE BARELY EVEN 500 FOLLOWERS COMBINING ALL MY SOCIALS ... HUMILIATING ISN'T IT ?
my high school mems honestly just consist of getting bullied, havin mental health issues n popular girls coming up to my friends and calling all of them pretty apart from me rip
Bullies from my school be like: welcome to my YouTube channel
These quarantine dreams are getting weird. Last night I dreamt that I ran into two girls that bullied me in high school at a Four Tet concert. The dream ended with me in a fist fight with one of them. Don’t worry I won.
I honestly don’t remember if I dreamt this or not but one time a childhood bully told my bf that I never smiled during primary school and my bf said “maybe there was nothing for her to smile about” AND BRUH THE CLAP BACK
I made a profile on a dating app for sapphic girls and it’s great but also so many of the girls on there look like they would have bullied you for being gay in high school
this has always been silly to me. Schools have always been training grounds to how to deal with life, including bullies. But we have become a pathetic people too sensitive to deal with anything
I feel like I'm back in High school drama club where this freak girl was bullied like mad and these are all the bullies trying to be do gooders now.
F*ck that’s awful. I was bullied in high school by both girls and boys who were supposed to be my friends. Bullies are weak and insecure and take it out in others. As hard as it is, he’s got you in his corner and I’m sure he knows it.
An example: A girl who bullied me with dead pig parts in high school (yes... think Carrie) reaches out and apologized in our twenties. I accepted her apology and we had a lovely talk. We are friends on Instagram. Lol. It really was healing to have that harm acknowledged.
That Colgate ad about "Chhota packet, Bada packet" actually tells how much Bullying is prevalent in Schools. But Sure brush your teeth and Get Confident, get Witty with Bullies
mlm is a dangerous word cause it could be gay or be something that girl that bullied you in high-school trying to sell you snake oil
to be a student president bisexual cheerleader dancer in glee club while in a relationship with your schools resident bully but is actually a smol bean slash captain of the cheerios lesbian bestfriend
middle school me would bully current me
@YungPaidBlessed , He Used To Bully Yall In The Bathroom , Ll
"THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL!!! FUCKING!!!! BULLIES!!" " neoege da~ "
I ain’t forget my middle school bullies lmfao fuck y’all
Ishida Shouya bullies a deaf girl, Nishimiya Shouko, to the point that she transfers to another school. As a result, he is ostracized and bullied himself with no friends to speak of and no plans for the future. This is the story of his path to redemption. °
hello, it's-a me - a girl who bullied you in high school. pls join my pyramid scheme
You can't. My high school bullied got me shunned for a year this way. Which fits. The media acts like 14 year old girls.
I was bullied as a kid because I was different I was born club feet. But my parents corrected my feet. Junior high I met a girl mentally challenge due to an accident we became friends. A girl was after
thinking about how in high school i let a group of incels under 5’6 bully me
And GO Fest comes to a close. My big wins from the weekend. I played much more the second day. Also got a 13-15-15 Shadow Mawile after hunting down that bespectacled admin all day like a high school bully. (I just wanted shiny Mawile.)
I just remembered that time this girl who constantly bullied me through high school called me and threatened me saying she knows where I live and when I reported it to school they were like .... so like Uhm why did you pick up from a restricted phone number though ? I’m
I swear the majority of drama school staff are just miserable sad actors who stopped getting work and now just bully the next generations trying to have a career. When I was at E15, the heads of course literally pit students against each other, saying other courses were shit.
it’s always the nursing majors that were bitches in high school all the girls who bullied me are going into nursing school
getting bullied on royale high because just saying " INTO THE UNKNOW~~~~~~~~" The boy said : Can you shutup? I wanna make she shush rn I just tell him a joke bout vsco girl i was like I gtg I have a big business doing a big hydro flask their was like WHO CARES??
The awkward moment when a girl who ruthlessly bullied you and made your life hell in high school and even for a few years after tries to be your friend on Facebook lol looks like her life has gone downhill tho she has three kids and all different baby daddies.
If you like her you must be. She’s a horrible person. Or haven’t you lIstened to the tapes? How many kids did you used to bully at school?
STOP THIS! STOP! This cultural appropriation is getting to such a high point of wtf. I got BULLIED IN SCHOOL FOR DRESSING IN MY CULTURAL CLOTHES (properly) AND THESE STUPID WHITE GIRLS ARE DOING THIS?! This hurts my heart so fucking much. Also her underwear looks weird.
probably got bullied by girls in high shool lol
i’m not gonna show you the facts and the evidence because i’m 29 fucking years old and i’m not gonna sit down and make a video with screenshots exposing my BULLIES these are BULLIES these are high school fucking BULLIES and they wanna come at me and say you’re 29 years old
says the racist cracker with the r slur in his bio tell the popular kids who bully u in high school I say thanks
Y'all for real are one of the major problems of society today. If there is no form of discipline, there is no order or respect. "Kids" out there being bullies, shooting up schools, murdering others is the result of a weak parent. Period. Spank your kids.
Maybe I faired better as girl? I have no idea. But I really only remember being bullied by asshole mid teen girls in Middle School. High School I wasn't popular but no one treated me like shit or anything either. I had my specific friend group I hung out with and that was it
This is not even a man. He is really a high school girl feeling bullied. Geez this digust me.
when the “pretty” girls that bullied you in middle/high school are still hoeing around getting played by guys that they think loves them..karma is the baddest bitch baby
I made a post on my personal Instagram about dealing with bipolar disorder. The girl who bullied me in high school (we also went to church together and were good friends for a while) commented on it and was supportive. My first instinct is to say “fuck you”. So many ...
vsco girls are the ones who bullied me in middle/high school for being unconventional and then as soon as being weird and quirky became a trend, they LOVED me
Some girl who bullied me in high school posted a quote about not calling people racist on her story. It was attributed to Ronald Reagan. Cool stuff.
2/2 and scrolled over your Instagram picture without liking it and told you it was because I’ve hit my like limit for the day . Please start making awake on Instagram into so much more this is why girls still get bullied in high school bc “insta likes”
I remember my primary school days at Mater Misericodiae Nursery and Primary School Nyanya Abuja.. I was feared ooo The bully of the class. I been dey beat boys wella Its just so sad that I have lost my fighting skills
There is nothing they could have done which would have excused this behavior by the police. You are victim blaming. How would you feel if the police did that to your kids? These cops have less self control an average middle school school yard bully.
hacked stop leaving your twitter up 2 fucking school idiot
Those girls would have bullied her for even looking at them, have y'all never been to high school?
the girl that bullied me in high school told me that i was going to get cancer... a few years later SHE got cancer and that’s on karma
Just found out that a bully who use to call me a dyke in middle/high school is openly gay now. Funny how times change. Anyways I don’t forgive you.
I remember I lowkey bullied this girl in 5th grade and she tried to get her high school sister to scare me. Like wtf are you really gonna do other than mean mug me at pick up, Lora!?
Why Wolves fans would have "a pop" at each other is beyond me? People who understand that a young lad from Smethwick chose to support Wolves in 1972, to appose school bullies, will understand the pride I feel during the last 3 seasons. These are moments we dreamt of!
those tweets that say “girls that suddenly like *insert interest* bullied me in high school”, are totally right because i wouldve bullied myself for how i’m acting rn, but that’s called growth baby
In elementary school, I was called “Moustache Woman” and “Unibrow Girl”... honestly it wasn’t even that bad. In high school, I was bullied for being a lesbian... and I’m not even a lesbian.
Frankie and Peaches help Ruby, the new girl at school, find the courage to be herself and stand up to bullies. The Pancake Girl is an inspirational story that shows how a small act of kindness can make a big difference in someone's life. #KidLit https://amzn.to/2YvUF7d ◄
The generic anime high school bully who meets you in the rooftop just to steal your food and money
Hope u bitches don’t think y’all know bully imma be done ole school drag a bitch thru the dirt before summer over#WARNING
I loved bullies in grade school.I love dealing with them even today at 40.Just a good feeling to help them adjust their attitudes and learn something new about themselves!
You like like every girl that bullied me in high school in the old pic
i hate seeing girls that literally BULLIED me in high school now fawning over harry styles not cool man not cool
so you’re telling me she says “high school bullies” and not “internet bullies” IVE BEEN QUOTING THE WRONG THING BAHHAHAH
Schools are opening and vow to keep us safe from covid but can't even keep us safe from bullies. Sign my petition!!!! #stopbullying #defundtheschools #defundschools Schools dont even teach us enough black history. I learn way more online than school
When the girls that bullied you in high school have ugly babies. #karma
now you know how all the girls you bullied in high school feel
This is the harm distance learning does to our kids. Watch it and stand up to the bullies trying to close schools. @Megan4Schools @Karen4Schools @njonathan156 @Keys_Gamarra @stella_pekarsky @MelanieForEdu @KarlFrischFCPS @governorva #OpenFCPS #OpenSchools
Her tweet has the same energy as gabby Hannah screaming about her high school fucking bullies
In high school (ages 15/16 to 18/19) the mean girls bullied and ostracised a friend of mine for... Being a Christian, being shy and quiet and not talking, being smart in school... Mocked her clothes too I think (her family didnt have a lot of money)... Assholes.
because there’s a 9/10 chance ur about to run ur 3rd grade teacher and also ur middle school bully
the girls who bullied me in high school coming into my dms to try n sell me avon products is actually funny as fuck no lie
I was bullied in junior high, my oldest daughter was bullied in elementary school and my youngest now in a new middle school is having a hard time with it. The sorry thing is most mean girls just grow up to be mean unhappy women.
Just another of the infinite examples of Trump's intellectual and emotional capacity - that if an 8th grade bully. He couldn't get elected student body president of any middle school!
ur all bullies..high school fucking bullies
hey girl! it's me, the chick who bullied you in high school. hope you're doing well! OMG you and your family are so CUTE! anyway i'm selling these AWESOME wraps and i was just wondering if you
he would actually be nice to me in high school and like not bully the crap out of me i just know it
someone did the maid of honor of the girl who bullied you in high school and it was so good lmao
men & descent women reject anti male feminist misandry from gold digger Cortez. She acts like a cry baby in the school yard, blaming the bully boy with lies promoting herself &amp; motivating bias against the boy &amp; all boys - this is a Pelosi style hate crime against all men @POTUS
I once mildly bullied a girl in our first year of high school in 1983. I also didn't defend her against other bullies. I remember that day and the incident vividly. I apologised to her c. 1992 at my sister's wedding. I am still mortified to this day
This one group of guys from my high school would always do this and would even moan the last name of a girl they bullied
there’s a thing that goes around “those girls who bullied you in high school are probably nurses now” guess we found out what the male bullies are now
My girls are bullied and I have been to the school, changed schools and it still goes on. It’s everywhere. The most severe is my jr high child. This one girl is horrible. She bullies so many. She told my daughters ng to kill herself. She tortured, stalks my daughter. I texted her
fucking high school bullies !!
The whole world is racist. His previous school was dangerous and this one had 1 bully and a better education.
The fact that @sydhightower is telling you to “please try and hurt another contestant”.... GIRL. I am speechless Sydney needs to get off her high horse. She’s no better than the “mean girls” she’s claimed bullied her for that statement.
So u'll bully ppl online 4 being non deserving, rather than bust ppl who r criminals?? This isn't high school, v need 2 grow up. U pointed out once her role wz undeserving of an award, true. Ppl already saw she wz dumb in d KwK show. Nw go after hardcore criminals n gang leaders!
I’m not sure non-Black folks know how commonly it is evoked. I remember being bullied by a girl in high school from Tennessee who called my house, asked for me, &amp; before my mother could hang up said, “you know we hang y’all from trees where I’m from.” I mean...that was the 1990s.
re lrt being bullied by pretty girls all my life was also such great help (not) in figuring out im actually bisexual like i look at attractive women and im like i think im attracted to you but years of abuse makes me think you wouldve thrown rotten food at me in high school uwu
The majority of these people are guys or girls who were bullied or beaten up in high school. This lines up the desire of power trip and better even with everyone
Not only jerks, but bullies. The Democrats are the party of cheap shot grade school bullies.
Lol we high key conditioned for it. I actually never wanted to be married but was bullied for being gay starting 6th grade cause I wasn’t hell bent over any boy. Then pressured to being more like a girl. + what you see on tv ++ your parents actually set you up the most for it
LDHSISJSISJ HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES YOU ARE RIGHT
- new class and then this girl just interrupted me and said "you're gay" in front of everybody I never got bullied or anything and yet that ONE MOMENT was the turning point for ruining the first half of high school for me. kids are so mean and for WHAT?!?!
Lol girls who actually bullied me in high school said this to me at my high school reunion!
One more thing. #Bully I was bullied in school. One girl who bullied me in high school, came up pregnant the next year. I actually felt sorry for her. She became a Mom at 16.
Why are y’all so into girls who looked like they bullied you in high school? I look like I’d bully you now is that not enough?
When girls who bullied you in high school now become your fans
No offense to shauni , but I do think she rides high on the fact that she's a producer. It's like if you DNT fwh .. you get bullied . Ive always disliked the mean girl mentality #basketballwives
Mr Ajit u can only brawl on tweeter as bully school boy
How about we just focus on the big one. You know the one where he is teaching his "boys" to bully women because he is a "man" and that is what "men" do to women! Nice lesson "Robert" now they can go out and bully their female classmates when they all go to school. What fun? Nice?
This girl I went to high school with just had a baby. She named it Kylo. But NOT because of Star Wars. She genuinely liked the name and thought it was cool. This kid gonna be bullied in school over Star Wars and that wasn’t even the point. Wild.
I’m glad to see some of the girls who bullied me in high school have finally turned to our lord and savior the Amethyst
i’m gonna cry if my kidneys are fucked up tho tbh. i finally healed from my high school abuse/trauma from bullies my parents and exes bro, i’m into school i wanna work i have a cool lil bro..:::: like why now
@KidTini the new school bully. Woo Style out now !!
Girl that bullied you in high school just got a "nevertheless she persisted" tattoo
I get a girl pregnant in high school so i told my parents i was getting bullied and we moved!!!!
i showed louden and rachel a pic of the girl who bullied me like all throughout my high school and middle school volleyball career and loudens text.... he really just-
if it's any consolation there's a good chance your high school bully is tangled up in a weird dietary supplement pyramid scheme that nobody's heard of
Old enough to remember when school, church, TV, films taught young people a sense of fairness--why are "the devout" so devoted to the Braggart-in-chief whose every deadly word/action is antiChrist/American? Just one thing he has said/done that isn't to bully, insult, lie, boast?
I've been bullied in high school myself by other girls. I always had no friends, I used to be super quiet and hide in the library so I wouldn't get my clothes ripped off me again. Glad to see this kid punch that fucker, I know what it is like.
The guy who fingered me on the back of a motorcycle is dating a girl B bullied in high school
And this is your response? Comforting messages from strangers with a passing interest? Sort it out dad, this is the point you do something. Go to the school, talk to the teachers, threaten the bullies parents. Come on, sort it out man
Ok I would be the mosher kid that would get bullied for being different but then said bullies would dress like me and want to be friends outside of school........ah the flash backs
Does Jim Jordan really think not wearing a suit coat makes him look manly if so someone should inform him that he looks like a disrespectful child breaking the dress code in middle school! He’s just a big mouth bully who makes little sense,
I'm glad to see all the bullies I loathed in high school finally got jobs. (I guess the mob didn't want them.)
Nigga nyc is bad! The all Black schools will bully u worse than these white kids about your Black features and color and they’ll be just as bad if u Lightskinned and “look/act/talk” white. Also if u are non-American in ethnicity (or have an accent or foreign look) tuh
Man spank your kids... please teach them a lesson early cause if your kid come out bad and try to bully mine he’s gonna sleep that boy and I don’t want to have to come to school and take time out of my day because my kid had to teach your kid a lesson that you failed to teach him
Thinking bout that time a girl in year 7 was manipulated into sending her bf vids of her fingering herself which he screen recorded and sent round the entire school and she was bullied for the rest of high school and everyone avoided her but praised the lad ok
I had some girls do that to me in high school, it didn’t make any sense. They later told me they did it so i would look less weird and uncool. Made zero sense lmao. They just got bullied for it and when they tried to take it no one believed them
@Rileyyz_69 stupid fuck, riley isn't allowed to use any kind of social networking, jog on you bum bandit
Every school yard bully ever "What's the matter? Can't you take a joke?"
Heyy anfal, children are innocent creatures and they will listen to you because you are the adult and they look up to you. As an adult you mustn’t promote such behaviors like being rude about someone’s appearance/ looks. If this goes on her daughter will be a bully in school.
Tell me why I just remembered out of nowhere that like during my first ever week of college some dude told me I looked like the type of girl who bullied people in high school I’m triggered
I 've never seen such an overly-entitled toddler tantrum bullshit review from a supposed professional before. It reads like a high school mean girl post she bullied the schools newsletter into including coz she mad about something
Walked into the room to see two girls that bullied in high school....I was not expecting that
why are we scared of bullies in school???? they're literally 14 and 4 ft tall
Teen violence is increasing, About thirty percent of middle school and high school aged children are bullied or are a bully themselves. Boys are more likely than girls to carry a gun into a school. The second leading cause of death in teens and young adults is homicide.
Im gonna bully my philosophy teacher with this question as soon as we get back to school
When I was 12 I shit my pants during baseball practice. I went and sat down to hide the big shit stain on my white pants. A baseball landed a foot from me and I refused to grab it. The biggest bully in school came over. Took one look at me...said "dont worry I got it".
I had horrible dreams last night about high school and a girl who I was friends with who then bullied me but everyone took her side. I have hated myself in the past for still sometimes having dreams about this at 29 but when I spoke to that psychologist she said that dreams are
This is very true. It's all about silencing you! They were probably bullies in school too.
I get bullied so much in Royale high by those mean girls :((
Bro I swear if I was other person and went to the same school as me I would bully the shit out of myself LOL
just miss pancetti & i hiding from my high school bully
It’s insane to me how many girls are coming out about being slut shamed &amp; getting their nudes exposed yet a lot of them &amp; their bfs bullied me in high school &amp; teased me about it. No one spoke up for me. If you were silent when my name was mentioned you were a part of the problem
The Trump click of GOP high school bullies is despicable and an embarrassment to America.
People keep talking about being bullied and it's like... why aren't we talking about stopping bullying? I was that kid in elementary school. I'd rather the bullies be stopped, much as I hated PE.
that blonde cheerleader looks just like a girl who used to bully me in elementary school ldfjsldjf
Don’t you remember primary school and bullies were given a time out?
You can't convince us that LAFC is not subbing in two young actors in LA who exclusively play high school bullies.
A lot of the bully's from high school aren't smart enough for university so they join the police department where they continue their bullying from high school. The scary part is now they have guns.
I joined the men’s golf team in high school as the only girl and I don’t know what possessed me to do that as I was already bullied AND I didn’t know how to golf.
I remember in junior high I was about the most hated girl in school for no literal reason what so ever. I was bullied every single day and the worst part of it all is that my English was so mediocre to the point that I couldn’t even defend myself. Those days broke me like nothing
For a big tough guy trump does a lot of whinnying! Trump has the mentally of a five year old. That is how he fights like a bully in the school yard. He is a scared child trying desperately not to be found out. He's been a fake his whole life. Trump is an empty barrel.
“Anti-Semitic” is a buzzword invented by j**s to silence anyone who is pointing out bad j**ish behavior. Just think of it like the school bully making words that shame people who call out the bully or try to report him to the principals office
At the rate that black people are getting murdered by cops, I feel like all them cops got bullied by black kids when growing up or got rejected by a black girl in high school.
@gauravbh sir u would be the last person to hear this clip. Don't make a fool of urself on national television and then u act like a school bully by the caption Rahul pappu. Pathetic.
every girl in the art education department looks like she bullied me in high school
all the girls in college who dress up as cats for halloween are the ones who bullied girls in high school that acted like cats
Had to come back to laugh...they way they will so bully this boy in school I know I would anyways
if a boy comes in with long hair you are supposed to look at him and assume he's a girl? I knew kids who were bullied in high school like that
EDM twitter is worse than the bullies back in school that they claim to hate so much
I knew this girl in high school who got bullied for wearing cat ears and a tail everywhere
Welcome to The Standard, where the prices are high and the standards are low. Sign a lease today! Or be bullied by the sorority girl at the front desk.
I became a Cancer the day that instead of fighting I went on some long ass diatribe talking to my bully in elementary school about how my feelings matter. Sigh.
the girl who bullied u in high school 100% runs a disney fashion Instagram now
Cass is every girl who bullied me in high school except now we're old af and she hasn't changed #BachelorInParadiseAU
High school/middle school bullies will be the very vocal people in the fandom and then boom crazy teenage girls stereotype are back
She's the girl u bullied in high school
My sis was a good kid, but she had issues into High School. Once she had gotten into a serious fight with a girl who decided to bully her. Nikki (my sis) won the fight and put her in line, but Principal Victoria was /pissed/, especially when my Dad said he wasn’t upset with Nikki
help not at how my irl used to bully people for stuff like that and is now an anime stan after we’ve finished at school lmfaooooo
All these judgments is all you hear from the media. Ever notice not one somewhatintellectual articleon the effects of his policies? Its a 24/7 bashing contest. And the sheep eat it up, like school kids being deceived by a bully to cause trouble. Wake up, you are being played
Secondary study: girls who bullied in high school who marry military
@RepTedYoho I have to tell you Ted with the last name YOHO people shouldn’t expect more from you. You’re one of those guy that didn’t have a violin high school. School bully you &amp; put you in locker with your underwear in your head.Remember the name YOHO.ALEXANDRIA OCASIO CORTES !
Yes call me names to prove that I’m the school yard bully
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY We're going in with brand new mission. Playing DBD like it's an old school conviction. Sorry the rhyme I hope it's not a crime :^) Ok I'm sorry http://twitch.tv/tallertoast (It's monday don't bully)
She seems to display many of the traits of a school bully. Not pleasant.
This girl who looked like a man bullied the fuck out of me in high school bc she was homophobic. I strongly suspect this is the problem.
shawdd was one of my high school bullies so i fucked her and never talking to her again feels great #ftb
Wow, her husband was NOT having their sh*t. Damn, it.s too bad there weren't 45 of them, They could've taken the whole lot of them down like bowling pins. That poor woman. IMO these guys aren't trained in anything. They're ex high school bullies that couldn't pass the cop exam.
Eric ....Nadler is a very sick man who should not be in this position and he is as immature as a school yard mad dog bully. Everyone's got his number.
So this tiny girl was bullied with mere words and she's creating all this noise. Some of us were physically bullied in high xul &amp; we didn't even mention a word. Sheila Komanyoko yiven
They were bullies in school who played football and miss having power over others. So they became cops to continue to abuse and have power. They couldn't handle real jobs so they became cops that the hardest thing they need is a GED.
Right, you’re the same one who says that you went to high school with him, but he declined and then he bullied you! Girl bye
His comment was indeed cuntish. But to be honest, you don't seem to be a great deal better. What sort of man makes a fake account harassing and insulting a woman who works for the NHS? Making fake accounts mocking people is what mean-spirited bullies do at school. Congrats.
Seriously, Scott?! You honestly believe that if Joe Biden is elected this just goes away? It will get worse my friend! God, if a civil war breaks out next week? What would you do? Look at it like this. It's the high school bully scenario all over again.
when the biggest bullies in high school wanna call out bullying
the girl who bullied me in high school is still in the same class as me and she's like the favourite of this goddamn teacher and she gets amazing grades too i fucking hate life
#ComingOutDay it’s scary to think how different the world was 10 years ago.. Me and my girlfriend used to literally get followed by people asking us to kiss @high school we got bullied so bad and weren’t allowed in the girls changing rooms.
Because you then get a mouthful from their aunt at the school gate. I’ve never come closer to thumping another adult. She was 5ft nothing &amp; though bringing up children to bully anyone different was OK.
In junior high I had a classmate, Bruce, whom many of the other boys mercilessly bullied because of his distinctly feminine behavior. One day in the locker room, after a particularly brutal round of bullying, he said, between piteous sobs, “I wish I could be a girl.” Do you /1
4 hours at Mugg n Bean during my school holidays, the barristas were such bullies and everyone was walking on eggshells cause the big boss was so strict. I left during my lunch break. Went back a week later to collect my coins - R67
Strangely enough, the girl who bullied me through middle school and high school became a friend of mine on Facebook, and doesn’t even remember she used to bully me.
My mind boggles at the stupidity of sending children under 10 years old back to a physical school, during a pandemic. They don’t understand physical boundaries, lack the attention span to keep a mask on all day, and bullies would be running around, pulling off masks &amp; coughing.
seeing the girls that bullied me throughout middle school and high school happy makes me smile. like yea you might be one of the reasons for my depression , but i would never want to see you sad like i am :,)
they look like the type of ppl who would bully me in middle school
I scrutinise pictures to check for people who used to bully me in school and evidence of erections. Social distancing... not so much
This song really hits different after knowing the story about CY got bully in his middle school days for his short height. I also had faces same situation, exactly in middle school days as well for my fat body and round face face.
⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀ ❝ I'm a tough woman . Well it's kinda hardcore . But whatever you say . While at high school , I was an outcast and I was heavily bullied by some Ganguro girls . Ganguros are tan Japanese girls with weird fashion sense . I couldn't handle the -
Cody need to bring his fat ass to school !
oh I had a few bullies •Christopher (my mother’s VERY abusive ex). you weren’t even my bio dad you trash heap get on outta here stop hitting me &gt;:( •Alias. You bit my Nan wtf dude •Daniel. You were just plain nasty &gt;:( •all of Springfield elementary school coz I’m autistic
Oxford Laboratory recently released news that two-dose vaccination production is well underway. The first dose will be via injection, the second dose is getting whomped in the stomach by Butch DeLoca, my high school bully.
Childish... on both sides. Like a bunch of school kids wanna bully each other back and forth not caring that EVERYONE is effected by it.
this is high school bully
man middle school bullies never change
Girl same, I use to beat boys for a loving in middle school amd high school. Got bullied by girls that called themselves my friends at one point. Ugh....and now well.....they ain't doing so well.
It actually needs to be re-populated because it’s IMPOTENT. They are cowards of the worst kind. Scared of the school-yard bully and unable to do their jobs. Name something of value the Trump-GOP has done in 2020. WAS IT WORTH THE SOUL OF THE NATION?
i hate trump and everything about him, but bullying can lead people to suicide my cousin was bullied so bad at school at attempted suicide twice and it’s not really a joke no one deserves that it’s better to educate than bully then people will actually listen
tw fatphobia + medical conditions + death / anyway remember when i was a freshmen in high school and this guy i was "friends" with said i would die of a heart attack bc of my weight. anyway i think, legally, i should be allowed to bully men
My parents and siblings stay roasting me for no reason. Mind you I'm a master at the comebacks due to people TRYING to bully me at school before i shut them down . So my comebacks be making my siblings cry and my parents reevaluate their entire process leading to my existence.
Soc media contributes to bullying n such a harmful way- its so sad. I was bullied by a black girl in my Jr. high- "get out of the game with your striped hair you can't turn rope". Me: f_ k you I'm staying ( I had friends in that game and she was new). That's how it went.
I was bullied from kindergarten, to prep school to high school . Been rough for a black girl Yet still I rise.
I got bullied by girls constantly in multiple high schools. I always ended up hanging out with the guys bc of that. I think that harassment definitely comes more from men but bullying is not specific to one gender. Girls are freaking savage. Especially teenage ones.
If you don’t send your kids back to school we’re not funding any schools. If you don’t go on back to work we are not allowing a payroll tax cut. If you don’t do what we say we are sending our goonsquad. This is the new playground. This is the bully world order.
this is why we can’t have anything nice straight tiktok takes EVERYTHING from us and now no control- like if you’re gonna disrespect the boys atleast do it right. definetely the people who’d bully 1D fans in school for stanning them only cause it’s ‘trendy’ now
The fact that girls who would have bullied me in high school for getting my hair cut short are now allowed to say queer as much as they want bc of queer eye and act like they're allies should be illegal
It’s 2020 and private school kids still bully? HCA I’m talking about y’all.
I wore high waisted lavender shorts to my cousins 14th birthday party today and her friends called me a VSCO girl I- .... was I just bullied?
i don’t trust scrunchie girls. i feel like they would’ve bullied me in high school
Y'all be arguing over the E-girls and sending them money and tryna eat their pussy through the Mic But in reality, they all look like the girls you would have bullied in high school or vomited at if they tried to kiss you -- shake my head
female rappers that sound like high school bullies &gt;&gt;&gt;
order to properly convey my emotions and nobody even bats an eye and most people at my school won't say anything to me but they're always like " I would never bully an autistic/disabled kid" and then bully me for showing autistic traits and behaviours that they consider "weird"+
Considering brexiters will block anyone who won't follow their narratives, you get no moral high ground. Plus, you bullied a teenage girl. You don't deserve the respect to be listened too. Get over yourself.
girls who try to sell their pyramid scheme products to people they bullied in high school should be banned from the internet
Please don't let people commit #suicide. I lost my younger brother to suicide. He killed himself because he was being #bullied.Support #gays
At all the girls who bullied people in high school, that’s why your fat now
Living out ur high school bully fantasies online is praxis now
Awwww. The school yard bully thinks it’s unfair. What goes around comes around
I had a meeting with my old roommate about how dirty she left the kitchen,etc. and the first thing she did was start crying and saying she got bullied in high school. I just stared at her. Like girl I DONT CARE. I’ve seen this first hand. Those tears are their weapons.
Why do people loved to bully others? Yeah it does felt good, I've done it once at elementary school, but after a while I felt bad and eventually became friends with them. I guess I still got karma'd at junior high school which is 3 years of pure depression.
thinking about how my sophomore year a girl who bullied me in junior high wrote her final essay on my google drive then blamed me for not signing out then asked me to send it to her and i just said “sucks”
Yeah it does. And I hear about it happening a lot in the US. Like dark skinned black girls will get bullied, even by other dark skinned black boys in high schools, so they grow up with that still affecting them. I think it's really sad and doesn't even make sense.
I’m pissed off MOSTLY because of the shirt. It screams “Pyramid scheme girl who bullied you in high school”
Laughing pretty hard at the girls from my high school reposting the “if you notice someone getting bullied please be their friend” post like they WERENT THE BIGGEST BULLIES IN HIGH SCHOOL. We see you, we remember.
I’m watching a review of Tall Girl, and as a certified Tall Girl This is the most overdramatic thing ive ever seen...in high school I got bullied for basically everything EXCEPT being tall.
You're a dude who got bullied by a girl in high school lmao rope
She's the first of our heroes to be ride or die Luna Lovegood. Anyone who can see that that girl is an absolute treasure is a High Quality Individual. Plus she stands up for people being bullied since BEFORE SHE WENT TO HOGWARTS when she yells at Malfoy for Harry. Heart of GOLD
im not tryna be mean but some artists really be drawing gyro and johnny like the white girls that bullied me in high school
As a black girl in high school I was demonzined and bullied, to this day I am dealing the trauma and pain of that treatment and disassociating from the stigmaz placed upon me by society and mosty black boys
first anime and now chubbies, middle school sam's bullies lookin real dumb right now
I have some long, drawn out thoughts about Gabbie Hannah. She reminds me of the girl in high school that people bullied because it’s easy bully her. It’s a shitty thing to say, but it is very obvious that is what is happening. I can’t remember any specific information about what
Made it a living hell and I'm sure I'd made my social skills less than optimal until high school. I was the bullied by the boy that liked said girl but I kiked that boys ass and then his friends asses. Ganing then 2 years of not talking to no one but one intendent don Pedro.
The same girls who bullied me for my Carrie Underwood standom in middle school and high school are the same girls seeing photos of my performance with her and saying “WoW iM sO haPPy FoR yOU. YOu kiLLeD iT.” Imagine how tired I am.
It's sad when a person feels the need to make fun of someone's disability. He's no better than a school yard bully. Such childish behavior. What a disgrace to our country. November can't get here fast enough.
I like how you portray the rioters and looters as protestors. Its kinda like when the school bully beats the shit out of the small kid, and then blames the small kid for starting a fight when caught. You don't have the stones to own your own bullshit.
Thought I could name my inner saboteur after my high-school bully. However, his name was Free; the wrong vibe for an inner saboteur.
The most aggravating part of it to me would be when they say “ The girls that we’re the bullies in high school are the girls who are nurses.” When it’s not like that at all. I was actually bullied in school. I’m a medical assistant now working on my degree. I hate stereotypes.
Fucking Burnley like the little shit in school hiding behind the bullies
The way girls that dressed like this in middle/high school got bullied and now it’s “cottagecore chic”
I went to an all boys school. Hockey... it gives me the fear. It was just an opportunity for bullies to hit a puck at you with force. Or just directly hit you with the stick. I was slight in size as a boy and always felt inferior to the other boys. Although I did enjoy rugby
u seem like the type of girl that would have bullied me in high school
@TedYoho AOC made you look like a bum baby shitting it’s pants in your apology. Totally lackluster. Totally missing the bigger point. You have respect. Middle school bullies have better tactics than you.
In a moment where I feel so small and forgotten, someone random girl from high school reached out and thanked me for not letting her be bullied by her ex who was manipulative and toxic and also the boy who everyone worshipped. People know when you see them. The end.
i had a bully called ryan in my old high school and he was really homophobic and so whenever he would punch me, i'd just loudly moan and say harder daddy. he stopped after his friends overheard the second time
Ooh good one. Did you bully other girls with that uno-reverse-card shit in high school? I'm just saying. If you can't handle being called out for making dumb ass comments, it's your fault for making them, not mine for telling you they're dumb as hell.
I bet this “lil nigga” guy that we both blocked each other is trying to find a way to argue and trash talk me again honestly what a depressed kid he’s trying to snitch on me like it’s an expose, i can tell he has no friends at school and his hobby is to bully / harrass people
how come every girl that bullied me in high school is now in nursing school
this girl who bullied me and called me fat bitch throughout high school literally is heavier than i was when she was making fun of me. i celebrated when i found out. that bitch used to take my lunches away telling me "the pig needs to be controlled"
I remember slap ass Friday at our middle school. I never participated, but I also never stopped those guys (sorry, I was bullied. But I do remember feeling super uncomfortable in high school when this girl put her hand up the back of my shirt and like rubbed my back in the hall.
I was bullied harshly as a teen. I didn't walk into my school and kill people to get back at my bullies.
Very true — his bully tactic seems to be finding a weakness in a person and then using a grade school taunt to bully them about it [or at least a *perceived* weakness].
These are BULLIES. These are high school fucking BULLIES.
I remember the three years I spent in that girls' school. Those senior bullies were terrors. I'm forever proud of every single prank and mini punishment I pulled on them.
Someone needa get this @myquotes_swag bitch talking about my dead family members. Ill sho her ass cyber bullying!
Literally not what i’m saying, you should read the thread again. I said he’s shit and a scumbag and we should call him out without turning into middle school bullies. You’re understanding what you want to understand.
I didn’t even know what call her daddy was before this week but I’m 100% sure that the girls on the podcast would have bullied me in high school
I had short hair in middle school and people would question my gender. In high school I got bullied for dating a girl, by the kids in school and parts of my family.
Do you know how many women worked at my gamestop? 0. For the 6 years I went there. Do you know how many women in my family of 72 gamed? 1 and it was bc she grew up with brothers? Do you know how many times I was bullied in high school by girls? Every day.
high school FUCKING BULLIES
Hey girl, so glad I found you on Facebook! Remember me? It’s Britany from High school! I bullied you mercilessly for 4 years? I’m looking for people who want to succeed and like a challenge for my new business! Want to join my team of entrepreneurial ladies?
I was bullied badly in high school about a guy I was dating. He was new in town and chose me, the quiet band geek. One girl even teamed up with his ex to stalk me and took pics of us at dances. When we broke up it was even worse. He dumped me for that ex &amp; they gave me hell.
Let your daughter know she'll get through this. I was mercilessly bullied until I got to high school. I cried daily and had crippling anxiety, getting a stomachache every morning on the way to school. But, it gets better, and I now know how pathetic those girls were.
Girl just so lame!!! All this hostility ... you taking it out on me but I wasn’t the one of the pretty bitches who bullied you in high school but if you wanna be me, it’s okay . Hit the dm &amp; I’ll slide you an autograph baby walrus
Bullies attack anyone who doesn't go along, and their loyalists will usually join in. This is the same scenario we warn our kids about in grade school. Anyone notice the anti bullying PSAs of Obama era are gone? Probably because they speak to trumps behavior so directly.
I’m confused on where she even mentioned race in the tweet ¿ and also idk how someone who bullied a girl in high school for not wanting to do camo day for owl week can even speak
Ferrets are such majestic creatures. Except my roommate's. He's an asshole
And threaten violence against anyone who does not worship their “chosen one” i.e., the orange man. Apparently Trumpers r incapable of forming their own opinions or making their own decisions. It’s the “high school” mentality - they think its “cool” to hide behind a bully. Stupid.
Hopefully it’s been a while since you thought about prom, bullies, and who you sat with in the high school cafeteria. But — please, don’t panic here — your teenage social life could be affecting how much money you’re making now. http://www.thrivewealth.ca.advisor.news/sigh-popular-kids-earn-more-money-adults-new-research-suggests/?c=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJub2RlX2lkIjoxMTIzMSwicHJldmlldyI6ZmFsc2UsImNvbW1faWQiOjI0NDcwMTIsImRlc3RfaWQiOjMzNTM0Nzl9.r1EAr9njDw4DMr5t4bSCNJoVZJ6vjuAh5r_hyJQOWwg
the venn diagram of girls who bullied people in high school and girls who rt these pics is a circle
Girls that start tweets with this bullied me in high school
That's a valid view but there are other valid views too. One of which is that the way to stop racist bullying in school is to exclude racist bullies. This is a place for debate and discussion and challenge and nobody sets the rules (beyond some very basic ones).
I've had a lot of experience; I've been telling off my brother's bullies since I started wee school. Once rolled a 10yr old bully down a hill for picking on my brother (I was 5) hehe
By seizing the opportunity and making a deal out of school yard banter from a bully. Facing shame provoking exercises head on is true bravery. Try it sometime, grow a little.
I would like to respectfully disagree . As a nerd with a very high IQ in my youth I went for non-blacks primarily bc black boys/girls and men/women bullied me for being who I naturally was. So I SETTLED for whoever AT LEAST respected me as a person.
You were bullied and humiliated by the pretty girl in high school and now you pay a gorgeous woman to degrade and belittle you. findom | finD | humiliation | paypig
I loved her speech. It’s true that women put up with harassment all there lives and it’s time for it to stop! I’m tired of listening to Republicans and especially our President acting like school yard bullies!
what if the school bully knew martial arts
Happy International Day of Friendship! To quote year 3 student St Felix, Bankstown student Ryana, "Being a bully is never okay. Invite them to come and play." If you see something wrong, you can always sing her song. https://bit.ly/2CTGH8H #bullyingnoway #FriendshipDay
girls who bullied me in high school are chronic pains now and im stirling
John said I could stay up later tonight because tomorrow's not a school day. So finally I can see the whole ABC Sunday Night at the Movies presentation of "Thunderball."
I was bullied in junior high school for having big ears and mock I even got into a fight with a girl at the cafeteria &amp; in senior high school I got bullied so hard I quit school until my uncle convince me to go back and deal with it
Not surprised I got bullied in middle school and high school for my looks, but still hold major grudges against those girls
bullies high school fucking bullies
Bullied when I was like 4 because the other kid needed a friend and didn’t know how else to get attention. Bullied when I was 8 because the girl bullying me fancied me. Aaaand bulled again in high school for having long hair, being skinny, having some spots, glasses, being gay.
If only someone could school yard bully him by taking his phone away
Someone needs to tell social media users how high school turned out. Because In reality, post high school the cool kids now ain’t shit. The prettiest girls went to become the least prettiest, the ugly kid glowed tf up, the bullied kids attained an awakening. Grow up.
Yeah. its disgusting- that girl maybe a little kid who just wanted to play royale high and got bullied by those girls..
School of killer bully turtles attack harmless gator.
leave Edski alone bully boy lol..... Thats his kevin n Perry get up!!! :P @rickyp1969 @vinylmasakist @acid_ash
I was bullied just for having too my friends that just happened to be girls. I got along with both boy &amp; girls in my friendship groups they mainly consisted of girls. I got told that I should be a girl if I hang out with them &amp; I'm embarrassment to the boys in high school..
Your right I was that girl that bullied you in high school. I’m still that b* tch FinD findom
Yes, he got bullied. Ya know, just like how you got bullied in high school for having a girls name.
Jimmy Wilkins , the school bully
Sorry I don’t have any. A bully at my school took my iPad and deleted all my apps, including procreate :(
These protesters are the result of 30 years of Communist Socialist Indoctrination by the Public Schools and Universities... They teach AMERICA is just the Racist Bully and not the Rock of Freedom. Liberty and Justice. Bring back the Draft for mandatory Service to our Country !
"stay kind, it makes you beautiful" shares the girl who bullied me excessively in high school
Lmao at all the mean girls from high school retweeting the “you were born pretty, I was bullied into being pretty we are not the same” tweet. EXCUSE ME?!?! NO YOU WERENT. You were pretty growing up. YOU were the ones that bullied OTHER girls. So stop fronting. It’s ugly
She used to punch the high school bullies who made of fun of him for being gay.
Generations of their leader,s never mentally left the school yard. Either the bossy prefect or yard bully syndrome infected them.
In high school I was a "practice girl," meaning the dudes who bullied me went on to be charged with domestic violence
it so messed up it's like ANTIFA is the school bully the police are the ones being bullied and the mayor is the crappy principle that lets it just keep happening day after day
I was bullied by a group of black girls in high school, who hit me, called me honky and white paddy; should we find them and ruin their lives and try to take away their livelihoods, or is it okay because I'm white. I hope they regret it. People change.
and thats getting the shit beat out of them, its why you never see a bully pick on someone that can kick their ass, everyone in my school knew everyone else would stand up for themselves or had friends hat would stand up for them so bullying was never an issue
In high school this girl I never associated with randomly started a rumor saying I bullied her in middle school because..she..was...a lesbian.
i have never been more bullied than my sophomore year of high school by senior girls i ain’t ever talk to about some guy i liked on that shit, in my life
Tall girls (&amp;boys) got bullied in high school too, hey hi i am one and i definitely did, so it's real bizarre that this is the one film that suddenly has everyone rioting when there are so many with just ~awkward~ bland female leads you could've already started a revolution over
when I was in high school a stupid girl bullied me so badly and made me never want to show my face in school, then on her last day of school she came up to me to apologize and say “I was jealous of your style” lmao wut
I was always amongst those called to stay at the end of assembly coz of unpaid school fees. I even knew before they called the names that I was gona be there. Kids laughed but so what? We had bigger things to worry about, my dad also beat my mom so nje I was numb to bullies.
Edwin was the kind of nerd school bullies picked on as a kid. And then he hit puberty.
Just think... her kid goes to your sons school . I had a truck driver road rage at me recently and he videoed me as I kept driving. I was worried so contact the cops... they said, can’t do much don’t worry about it. She’s just being a bully
I believe everyone should have free choice but remembering cruelty at school, where names could be used as an excuse to pick on someone by bullies I think it will sadly bring negative unwanted attention to the child for life. I'm not saying the parents are wrong, it's our world!
Not popular white girls but boys, got bullied hard, chanted high school, God less bullied but girls weren't to keen of the jumpy anxious girl with greasy hair. Their loss.
If this is “nurse humor” it seems really in parallel with “all the girls in high school who bullied weird kids became nurses” meme
The problem with that belief is that the more women they brutalize the more most men will see "law enforcement" types as the enemy. Face it.. as things stand right now, most people see "law enforcement" as overpaid high-school bullies. It is about to get far worse..
High school was the worst 4 years of my life! Some of the mean girls grow up to be mean women. I still get bullied for having g special needs. Thanks for sharing truth Maddie.
Still cannot believe in high school the girl who bullied me the most would consistently just name drop me on twitter and make fun of me, my singing, my talking about feminism etc. she treated me like garbage on public for social media for her friends to laugh at
Not lasting 30 seconds him in a Liverpool school have them astros taken off him and beat with them for being a bully
the girl who abused me knew me because she used to bully me in school. fucking slut, the only reason she was never expelled was because her rich parents said that they would stop giving the school money. i hate priveledged sluts like her, they deserve absolutely nothing
i really used to let people in CARGO SHORTS bully me in high/middle school. the fucking audacity.
Xbox niggas used to be the bullies now they getting swirlies in the toilets at school
Okay I just met one of my go workers and he is with the shit! My guy is 40, former punk rocker, tatted up from LA, and goes around and bullies cops and uplifts his diverse students. Said we are taking this school to the next level.
For me, it's actually a stay in hospital when I was 8. I got hit round the head with a cricket bat at school by a bully and spent 4 days in hospital, the thing that got me through it was that they had a Mega Drive that I could play Sonic on
hey i know everyone is listening to the new taylor swift album right not, but does anyone wanna come bully some straights in this kid from my schools tiktok comments?
Man, I shoulda bullied girls in high school
Fasho gone be doing that for my kids. I'ma find the school bully and let them square up with my kid when they gone wanna act right
David Piper has always been an outsider. His parents think he's gay. The school bully thinks he's a freak. Only his 2 best friends know the real truth.David wants to be a girl. On the first day at his new school Leo Denton has one goal - to be invisible #SummerReads #MondayVibes
all of the girls that bullied me in high school now have kids lol,,, praying for their children.
How do you respond to your bully in school trying to friend you on Facebook? 32 years and I still hate his guts.
they’re dressed like the girls who would have bullied me in high school
We all know men have high standards how a woman should look like. And the girl was pretty. That she got bullied alright but that happens to a lot of people &amp; the only thing people said was “how is the air up there”. Some people get called ugly or whatever on daily basis.
There was one guy in high school who bullied me and told me if his kids were gay he'd throw them over a bridge and now he's dating a girl that I used to be really cool with n I wanna ask her if they had a gay kid if he would still kill it, like asking the real REAL questions
Tw: bullying Okay fluff tsukkiyama au where kei and tadashi have been dating for 5 years now. Tsukkishima isn't as affectionate as yamaguchi so there's some instances that yamaguchi gets insecure. Not only that, some of the students in his schools bullies him.
You seem really smart so I’m grateful for your valuable insight. Always happy to throw an ego boost to the bullies &amp; let em school me &amp; call me names. Hopefully it saves the poor ppl who have to deal w you in real life from some abuse
So... I'm 34 years old and I actually got bullied by a bunch of mean girls at a party. Mind blowing that people can still be that mean after leaving high school. Never partying in #Vancouver again.
I saw the kid that would bully me in middle school &amp; i swear to god i was about to fight him
I did think of bullying in schools and what bullies would do just to be spiteful
I got bullied by many people from 4th term grade 1 til the end of high school. When I became head girl of my school. I almost quit because of what they said. But I stuck it out and best choice I've made.
School bullies. Third-world dictators. Insatiable narcissism. The current #POTUS. ALL ARE THE SAME. #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare
Do tall girls actually get bullied like this? The ones in my high school were all super popular and usually muscular af, so no one fucked with them
Your bullies at school might have thought the same.. "No harm intended" and just "for fun" Then why didn't you stay indifferent and why did you become stronger and resilient???
Nobody: The wall rn: BULLIES! THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLIES #brickwallisoverparty
Always! I know what it was like to be bullied, from 5th grade into high school I was bullied by boys and girls and boys. Now as a grown woman it pisses me off seeing it in any form!
...hang around my friend while she normally had friends enough. This girl just wanted me away and insulted me all the time. But I never said anything about it because it was only one more year and I had been bullied the rest of high school. I was just fed up.
I went to PS. There are as many entitled, snobbish dickheads, bitchy girls and bullies as there are at any other school. There is snobbery and cliques in state schools. I was bullied in my private school and on the way home by kids from the local state high. 1/3
Why do all you trumpers act like middle school bullies? Such a strange phenomenon #VoteBidenToSaveAmerica
For boys: Did you refuse to go to school because of hyper toxic male bullies?
Getting ptsd from when I got bullied in high school from this one girl bc she’s been harassing my friend for no reason now
Oh and as for your violation of convention's your countries behaviour is like that if a school bully who liked to hand it out but runs and cries to mommy when they get some in return, take your propaganda Tokyo rose and stick were the sun doesn't shine
1995, at high school (Australia), when a black PNG friend was forced to remove her braids b/c a white girl copied them terribly. I had lived til then thinking wrongly that racism was only overt direct insults, which as a bullied and invisibly disabled kid I received as well.
It's been proven anytime a receives even the slightest bit of push back like any bully he backs down. Why are people who are suppose to be smarter than me so easily intimated by this middle school bully? Enabling him only makes things worse.
the girl you bullied in junior high school
It’s crazy cuz growing up I didn’t like red girls , or the girls with long hair or all the pretty girls they all bullied me . Guys to . My entire time in elementary and middle school and some high school. But y’all want girls like me to get over insecurities overnight
Tank Girl was a classic in my house. At least with my sister and I. I couldn't pull off the full look, but damn did it help inspire my makeup and nails for a chunk of high school.... Yes, I was bullied. Why do you ask?
Who's paying for private schools? They are not doing so hot themselves.( financially).
I had a very different high school experience. Thankfully. At my school, the culture of the school was very progressive. Matriculants would shame older boys trying to date younger girls, if you seemed lonely, people would invite you. If you bullied someone, you become an outcast.
.The bullies in prison are way worse than the bullies at school. This shooter made their bed and now they will lay in that cot.
ITS FUNNY HOW THEY TEACH YOU TO STAND UP TO BULLIES IN HIGH SCHOOL. AND NOW THE BULLIES ARE THE LIBERALS AT @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL
if i met middle school mia irl i’d bully her
@typicaldumbasss I would definitely bully you if you were in my high school also GROW UP
She sounds like she was one of those mean girls who bullied other girls back in junior high, and now pretends she was all about dignity.
What will you do if you find out that your boyfriend's sister is the same girl that bullied you &amp; made life miserable in high school?
why is it that the girls who bullied me in high school all went to beauty school &amp; now I’m making appointments for them to do my hair.
You not the only one, a lot of women have to work ( very hard ) up to 3 jobs , weekends, holidays also. Take care children, parents, being harassed at work, bullied and we keep our head up high and going! Stop the tears little poor rich girl!!!!!!!
Once when I was in high shcool a girl who bullied me told me to just bring a gun and shoot up the school. I thought in that moment: You first. I then thought about raping her over the table like the Great Khan until she was fully educated. I didn`t. Ah, the small mercies.
yall r acting like yuta made friends w the elementary school bully and not a whole ass misogynistic anti korean little fuck . if youre not korean shut your goddamn mouth
I hope everyone has a great day today except for the girls (one of whom had been a huge fan too and went to a concert with me ) who bullied me heavily and made my life hell in high school for being in love with One Direction (except for one who has since apologized haha)
They won't stop their Hindu Hatred, we must start our Hindu Assertion everyone in school has a school bully, we only respected him out of fear, nothing else Hs must reach that level of fearfulness among others
4) Release General Alexander Radek 5) Make the hot girls who bullied me in high school all go on a date with me 6) Tell my mom and dad to stop using the blender before 11:00AM because it wakes me up! These are our demands and they must be met.
The light skins that bullied darker girls in middle/ high school are upset. Now they screaming they got bullied too. Girl I know you remember high school. Pls shut up.
People who bullied others for being ‘fat’ in high school are really out here dating bigger girls 4 years later.
In high school there was a group of black girls that would defend me when I was being bullied. I appreciate them so much.
You look like someone who would bully me in my high school
Again. That’s not leadership. It’s how to deal with a high school bully.
You're a bit of a dork, aren't you?
Never will forget when the entire world predicted we'd beat the Packers in the NFCCG and niners twitter found the two people who thought we'd lose and bullied them like attention-starved high school girls
i would bully them both in school though
13. Who are you: School 2015 bADTRIP ANTAGONIST +++ wag kang bully putanginamoka +++ wawa tae-gwang :((( +++ listen to your children!!! +++ galing ni kim so hyun ,, pogi njh +++ always offer a hand, b nice to everyone &lt;3 +++ "it's okay, because you're 18 years old" +++ SOLID!!!
@nightbarbie I was making a vid when this rude girl started changing the screen color I told her too stop kindly and she “no” then I said “but I got here first” the she said “too bad” and stared changing it. I get bullied a lot in royale high (I know it’s because im black)
a new girl has started in my work and im pretty sure she bullied me in high school lmao love my life
there was a group of girls that bullied me in high school for literally no reason, they just decided they hated me. got bullied online after HS by my ex’s new gf he cheated on me with while simultaneously being bullied by my bf at the time’s friend that had a crush on him.
tw/ od;; i just realized all of tik tok bullied that girl acidprincess for saying the nword when she was clearly out of her mind dangerously high and she went into such a state of anxiety and depression from the constant bullying that she oded on xans and then everyone was like
on Insta I stumbled across a girl who bullied the SHIT out of me in high school on our JV and Varsity basketball teams... her bio says “educator of our youth be kind to one another ” ... excuse me while I
Our school won't be ordering anything that supports transphobic and litigious bullies like Rowling.
the popular girl bully trope in teen movies is funny to me because in high school it was always BOYS who bullied me lmao girls were nice
I remember when these three girls bullied me on the bus in high school because of the boy I was dating... that was probably when I peaked now that I think about it.
and we're all white women who bullied people in high school only to dm those same people saying "Hey girl!"
So I really try my best to be mature.... Seriously, adulting at its finest over here.... But it brings me great satisfaction seeing all the girls that bullied me in high school BLEW TF UP. Lmao this “lesbian wrestler” is really out doin ya now.
I obviously don’t know either of them, but from what I’ve seen, Keira’s been hurt like crazy in the past and puts on a hard persona, while Alisha is the girl in high school who laughed and mocked those who were bullied by the ring leader.
girls who bullied me in high school are gfs now and im watercolor paint
exposing my bullies. these are bullies. these are high school fucking bullies https://twitter.com/finefolklore/status/1288202853333569539
So many comments here resonate with my experience of PE at school. A bully of a teacher who only cared about the boys on the team, no instruction, being terrified of the changing room and a consistent ‘D’ grade on my report (and the same comments) no matter what I did to improve.
I was the fat, glasses-wearing new girl every year of both Jr High &amp; High School. "Hell" doesn't even come close. This was late '70s-early '80s, before all this anti-bullying stuff started. If you talked to adults about being bullied, they told you to toughen up.
Murdoc scanned the two men. Both were pathetic, acting all tough like school yard bullies. He's dealt with more than a few of these. "I'll 'chill out' when you bugger off!" The bassists shoulders were up in increased rage. They did not want to take this further.urdocs anger--
in high school a girl didn’t go to school for a week cause she said i bullied her... she said i was spitting gummy bears in her hair on the bus when i was called to the principals office i said “okay but if i’m going through the effort of chewing gummy bears, imma swallow em”
no matter how big it is, we probably shouldn’t bully high school grads that we’ve never met :/
It must be a an authority thing cause at that other school if you push against them they'll bully you till you leave. But haaaa mahwambi.
gonna become a high school bully now
BULLIES ARE ALL THE SAME; WHETHER THEY ARE IN THE SCHOOL YARD, IN THE WORKPLACE, OR RULING A COUNTRY THROUGH TERROR. THEY THRIVE ON FEAR AND INTIMIDATION. BULLIES GAIN THEIR STRENGTH THROUGH THE TIMID AND FAINT OF… https://www.instagram.com/p/CDDM5T6HqGP/?igshid=rvfl2irrtfx1
High School Alex is guilty of seeing the bully in all popular and jock kids. Some of them were assholes, but I was overly weird about it all.
Anyway...not entertaining people who prefer to bully and belittle rather than engage in a thoughtful conversation about topics they’re passionate about. We’re not in middle school folks.
Definitely, I was bullied for my entire school life and know a bully when I see one. I bet there were a whole gang of them.
having a mandala effect moment I remember this girl from my high school who was older than me and bullied me but now she doesn’t exist according to Facebook and Instagram
I want to kick this little twerp’s ass so badly. Straight up bully his ass like a high school jock in an old movie. Worst of the worst.
Solo and local Harries bullies me in middle school for liking one direction
School bully @alexstubb #jackass "multiculturalism is richness" - Alexander Stubb #islam #terrorism #terrorists #muslim #allah #kokoomus #berlin #germany
No I didn't because I was bullied throughout high school. One girl stood up for me during those times.
When @realDonaldTrump stops being a child using frases like “China Virus” being a school yard bully, a liar, and just a complete jackass, you can start shaming others. As long as a childish name calling bully as president you have no right to say it wrong of other to act the same
yup, i used to be fat all throughout middle school and bullied so bad about it. once i reached ninth grade, i started exercising more and slowly shed off all the pounds and all of a sudden my bully came up to me on the last day of 9th grade and threw his arm around my shoulders-
Also Rihanna is my fave. Shes that popular girl in school who’s actually nice &amp; sticks up to the bully who thinks their popular cause they continuously put other pple down to look “cool” in front of their friends.
But isn’t compulsory schooling a way to train up the colonisers?I think about the history of education in the UK - the ‘public’ (ie poshest private) schools made bullies who suppress their vulnerabilities in order to survive, utterly committed to hierarchy &amp; in-group loyalty
Ya the girl who bullied and stalked me in high school looked like this dude
Why is my high school bully hitting up my phone callin me pretty and all this and that?
At least people were afraid to laugh at me cause I was the weird girl. Which usually you'd think it was the opposite, but luckily after being bullied bad in jr high, I learned how to give off a douchey vibe to get people to back off. At least to my face
Aunty Kiki Mordi and her gang are making waves until they chosed to fight the wrong battle, Segalink is not one of those average and mediocre activists you can just pick on and bully for few likes and Rts. He will school you and every member of ur coven camp with Myths &amp; Facts
I was 13 and it was about a girl who had transferred to a new high school and become friends (and good friends later on :)) with a guy who used to get awfully bullied. I lost that account’s email and pass so yeah :(
You do look like ud bully me in middle school-sophomore year of high school
I got bullied pretty relentlessly in high school gym. Two girls, Myasia and Kaia, told the assholes bullying me to fuck off one day, then let me hang out with them in class the rest of the semester. They taught me how to braid my hair. They were so so kind to a weird anime girl.
Also I know girls in high school who fought all the time and were still bullied.
4 grown men in battle gear unprovoked attack a 14 year old who is walking along. tRump America. These are hired thugs. The bullies at school.
Trained for this app with three years of being a middle school bully. I just use that power for good now.
That voice! It reminds me of all those hot girls, in high school, that bullied me
bitches really thought blocking me from their stories will stop me from seeing them hanging out w the girl who bullied me in high school... alright clowns but i aint the only one she offended so people fucking let me know lmfao
It’s funny how the same girls who bullied me in middle/high school are the same girls getting social workers degrees
Joke what exactly has changed with the figures since Saturday when it was deemed safe you are just punishing people all people want is a sense of normality after been locked up for months, stop acting like the school bully there is no science or logic to this decision
I was bullied because her crush liked me, and one of the girl in the group kissed my boyfriend (now ex) What a high school drama
Nadia S from meriden got cought having sex in the bushes outside lincoln middle school in 8th grade #Slut #CtHoe
BULLIES. HIGH SCHOOL FUCKIN BULLIES
It would be a great public service if the high school bully bloc repurposed their equipment for good.
Oh man. I was the toxic bully of everyone's nightmares in elementary school. My closest friends in highschool were the brunt of all my moods wings.
lil white girl prolly was bullied in high school poor girl.
@MarkusFeehily  http://lockerz.com/s/126894814 I watch my little girl live her life after bullying and abuse ty for supporting this cause xx
I don’t think I ever heard the term “gamer girl” until after high school either, so I was never bullied for that as a teen
My like? I agreed with what you said about outside agitators but why would you think that white supremacists are not college snd high school age? My daughter was recruited in high school. It was one of the worst moments of my life. She had been bullied by a group of black girls -
the boys who used to bully us on middle school for liking one direction are the same boys who now dance to their songs on tik tok
Suddenly that girl who bullied you in high school suddenly asks you out on a lunch date, it’s so weird isn’t it x
I cringe when I see classmates on social media having kids I’m like hold up bro/sis! You teased me in school I hope you’ve changed because the next generation shouldn’t have to deal with bullies we have to end the cycle.
i’m fucking mad my elementary school bully is hot now
@terryjr91 Yeah. Mostly it was this one guy who verbally bullied me at school and on my LiveJournal/everywhere online.
Dudes who take time out of their day to talk shit about lizzos body are the same type of dudes that bullied girls in high school about their looks. That shits so unbecoming.
Who’da thought the tall, chubby, bullied girl in high school woulda grown up to be naked on the internet?!!
Enjoying the #LincolnProject videos. For anyone who has ever had to deal with a narcissistic bully in the workplace or at school, you can totally relate to the tactic. It is not mean. It is what you do to a bully - unite &amp; push back with their medicine.
elementary days, bullied because I'm the new girl from manila. Hagisan ba naman ako ng palaka at uod hahaha high school I was never bullied palaban ako eh College cyber bullying yung case ko because of being praised by the teacher, na smart shame dn hahaha but
All the Democrats acted like school brats throwing a hissy fit!.....But it was Barr who was disrespectful...sure..I have some swamp land available in Canada if your interested.
I’m starting to think this girl is obsessed with me lol every chance she gets she tries to add me on fb like girl..... I literally beat you up your freshman year of high school cause I bullied you in speech class to death lol we not friends!!!!
I remember in middle school these kids would harass and bully this gay kid and when shit got physical let’s just say the gay kid wasn’t the one running away
So do we think he was bullied or savagely rejected by girls in high school? Or both?
One time a girl told me that coding must be easy, and that it’s just a lot of typing. I haven’t been bullied since sophomore year of high school, but apparently this nursing student thought that it had been too long since then.
In which Jennie fell in love at first sight with the girl dancing alone in the practice room not knowing that she's the tomboy she bullied on high school who used to have a big crush on her Mess It Up - JenLisa Tagalog College AU ~This is my first time and IDK what I'm doing.
Those girls from high school that bullied you because you were tall and too skinny. I have bought masks to match my outfits. Always have to be fashionable. #Fashionista
The girls who bullied me in high school posting #LightTheWorld
Good luck. I raised my children to look at the person, not race, religion, sexuality etc, and son was a trumper, (till covid, not so much now,) and daughter a racist. She was bullied by a group of Maori girls all thru high school cos she was a redhead, so some excuse there tho...
Iiiiiiidiot wind....you're an iiiiidiot babe....it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.... #classicalbums
The head master of Mulch School For Revolting Children made rules were all expelling rules like if you call him an egg you would be expelled. If we could make rules for Central School we would allow gaming and no bully’s! Knyjah and Levi
The girls that bullied me in high school looking fucking ROUGH now. God, I’ve seen what you’ve done.
They look like the “popular girls” at school that think everyone loves them and they bully quiet kids
You really don't. It's impossible to keep anything quiet, groceries are expensive, the local school is incompetent when it comes to disabled students, bullies are rampant, obvious neglect goes unchecked, and there's a huge meth problem.
middle school bully is a tsunde———
I hate him so much, if I was in school with him i would in fact bully him
Mumbai: BJP leader Kirit Somaiya meets @KarishmaBhosal3 , a girl who was bullied for raising voice against the blaring of azaan in high volume from a neighbourhood mosque in her area.
Those types of people are the mean girls in high school that bullied everyone
If that person is a school yard bully won't that mean everybody on this yard is scared of him or her.
My first day at a new high school -the boys behind me lit my hair on fire with a Bunsen burner. I grabbed a pair of scissors, cut the black ends off. They put coconut oil in the girls hair next to me and she carried on for hours.I never got bullied again. She did. Lesson learnt
"Storm Trooping" in Portland+! Political Reelection Ploy- Expedient-B.S. from you, a grade-school-yard bully. In April-May, YOU INCITED CRAZIES, MANY ARMED, TO RIOT &amp; ATTACK STATE HOUSES- "LIBERATE," without rebuke, backing a dangerous early re-opening "by Easter." Law &amp; Order?
Do you think Tall Girl is problematic considering that so many groups go through actual oppression? — Nah, I don’t. She’s a 16 year old girl in high school getting bullied by everyone for something she’s really insecure about. Of…
You guys are scaring the shit out of them and they r desperate to try to stop u! Just school yard bullies. Keep up the great work.
Saw a post about looking up your school bully and decided to do it. I had emotionally abusive parents, was in a bad place, and she didn't help. But now she supports animal welfare and seems to be a decent person. I needed to see that and to forgive her for me, not her #bullying
graduated 6 months early because I was bullied by a group of girls in high school...none of them are nurses...but here I am RN
everybody knows a girl who knows a girl who got bullied by Taylor swift in high school
Met this guy in uni who told me he went to a mixed gender high school (not super common where I'm from) and asked how to stop being bullied by girls. He didn't like my suggestion of "hit the biggest one in the face and the rest will avoid you". Yes I'm single stop asking me
After spooking India, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Xinjiang, ASEAN, and just about everyone else, it's #CCPChina's turn to get spooked when stronger nations it cannot bully speak up Just like grade school playgrounds.
I know it’s reality show and there’s only been 2 episodes but I think Francesca from #TooHotTooHandle is the kind of girl from high school who just hardcore bullied other girls for no reason and always got away with it because she was pretty and popular
not really sure if this was called a bullying bcs i don't really feel like being bullied but back on junior high one friend of mine sneered at me for my dark skin and trust me as a girl growing up it kinda smacked my self-esteem down to the lower ground lol but now guess I'm okay
"mom jeans is racist " actually the correct statement is mom jeans kicked out a band member that bullied a girl in high school.
these girls bullied people in high school. sad that its not surprising.
One of the things I seriously considered when naming my baby was if and how the name would be used to bully them in middle / high school. These people did not.
why are all the girls who bullied me in high school spiritual yoga loving peaceful freaks now
always had a good heart. Stood up for the underdog, fought bullies in school, since it was a fight, I'd be suspended but the principal would tell my parents to go easy on me. I was defending people. So maybe didn't change as much as let my guard down finally.
one time when i was in 8th grade a girl in the grade above me who i didnt know messaged me from a mutual friends facebook account warning me that if i talked to her ex from 7th grade everyone in high school would hate me then she bullied me all freshman year the end
I kept thinking of the blonde girls who bullied me in high school while taking these, but now I’M THE HOT BLONDE GIRL. SCREW YOU. *ahem* Anyways, do you like my hair color? ~ ( makeup: @ohexkae ) - { #ahegao #ahegaoface #gamer #eboy #egirl }
Just found out that one of the girls that bullied me in high school is lowkey famous on tiktok that’s fun
why are there so many rumors about idols being evil bullies in high school. what goes on over there?
RT @whizbuzz Pixie’s Parchment Paper: No one forgets being bullied : John P. DeVito Patrick Shiner’s four years in a Long Island high school are sheer hell. He is oppressed in mind and body by bully Bobby R... Always new #books and #ebooks https://whizbuzzbooks.com/pixies-parchment-paper-john-p-devito/?utm_source=TW&amp;utm_medium=Indie+Elf&amp;utm_campaign=SNAP
I was bullied for having long hair in high school. The girl went as far as to put gum in my hair and said everyday I come show off my long hair. Hers was well...there wasn't much on her head. So it's very possible.
Batman sidekick was a high school niggah that got beat up by bullies...
For me, it was glasses, being quiet, reading a lot, and being bad at math. Then in high school, I was bullied a bit because people thought it was gay for a teenage boy to hang out with girls. Also for 'being emo' because I wore black jeans and a black and white Tont Hawl shirt.
I will never call a trump disciple suppremacist Karen. I was bullied at school because my mother was my teacher I think to all the little girls who are name Karen. Childrens could be stupid, they're bullies who will try to find all the excuses to bully.
i wish all these girls would’ve stood up for me when i was getting bullied by all these fucking boys in high school... I really needed a friend
I look better than the girl(s) that bullied me in high school. they called me ugly everyday. I was in 9th grade. 5’1 and 100lbs. They were juniors &amp; seniors.
You dont need shitty "friends" like them. Lmao I had bullies as my "friends" and they befriended me for homeworks and school assignments!! STOP TALKING TO THEM!!
Today I was cyber bullied by these girls, I forgot what their usernames where but one was named Lilian in royale high. She said “DIE” and “UGLY FAT PIG”. I was just trying to trade my halo and her friend tried offering but I didn’t want to so I politely said no and boom.
Rebecca black was bullied too much and is now home schooled. At least she doesn't have to decide which seat to sit in to ride to school
in a high school i bullied a girl who had a mental disorder that made her pluck her own hair out and no i don’t regret it
Funny most of these thugs do this to people obviously not up to the task of fighting back...saw this in high school never worked out for the bully in the end
Media supported school yard bullies. Nothing more than low IQ pieces of shit. If you can't respect other people, and their property, you don't deserve to participate in the same society the rest of us civilized people live in. I said it, and I mean it.
Kennedy gone send me something about how vacation Bible school was sooo lit! Lmaoo she was a whole ass bully at vacation Bible school
girls who bullied me in high school are liberals now and im poetry
Was bullied by this one girl for dressing like a boy all the time. Years later she became the leader of the lgbt+ club in high school and a huge proponent of free gender expression...
// transphobia , bullying "exclusionist twitter" you mean 50 white transmascs with fragile male egos who cry when a nonman uses he/him pronouns and 60 cis girls that got bored of not being able to bully kids at school during quarentine and decided to be transphobic for fun?
New school bully
I was bullied for being the “poor girl” at my high school.
haha a circus set up at my elementary school, the school bully started shouting at the llama and waving his arms around; the llama promptly spit in his face
In high school, I was bullied for the way I dressed (dark/boyish clothes) &amp; for having more friendships with guys than girls. Ironically, it was mainly girls who would pick on me
Really. You have a heart. How about going to the soi dissant newspaper to try to humiliate and bully. We now know what you act like in school as one of the main mean girls.
I got bullied as well, from primary school to high school, form both boys and girls. You don't see me being a dick because of that.
is it too much to ask for high school heather to brutally bully me
I was bullied by a black girl in 6th grade.. but when I finally stood up for myself it ended. Believe it or not we were pretty good friends in high school. I just thought of it as normal growing pains.
Trump and Betsy DeVos can't bully schools into reopening during coronavirus, Pa. AG Josh Shapiro says
I've read similar information. The myths have layers of truth and the truths are stranger than fiction. To be an immortal soul means this life is not the first nor the last. I see Earth as dense matter school where the students forgot they were in a temporary school with bullies.
“i have information that could lead to the arrest of the high school maths teacher that bullied everyone” — the entire school when we found his instagram full of ‘thirst’ traps and tinder bio that read “girls aged 18-40”
winter break is about guys hitting up girls they bullied in high school to lay pipe in in the family kia sol in the soccerplex parking lot
A girl I went to high school with, but the best was her doing an all lives matter and getting torn apart and then complaining SHE was the bullied one and I was like JESSICA YOURE WHITE
they would fight constantly but not in the same way as bk//dk bc lets be honest those two were never fighting, izuku never fought back (poor kid had no way of defending himself, bkg literally has exploding hands) middle school krbk would be /rivals/ to lovers not bully to lover
so are we gonna ignore how 2 of your fandoms are racist and the other accused my boy of things multiple times because to me, that seems like the actions of bullies, not armys dragging those fandoms because of what they did but sure ig
This girl would’ve bullied me in high school
this video is exactly what we’re talking about when we say the mean girls who bullied us in high school and told us to kill our selves all went into nursing
Every school bully became murderers.
This is what happens when you give uneducated X high school bullies football players with brain injuries and only 6 months of training a gun and A badge. It takes more training to cut hair....
Never understood American TVs display of the "cool" group or most popular people as a bunch of pricks who bully everyone. In my school the most popular people wer generally well liked and were smart and charismatic people who were friendly to almost everyone.
It makes me feel really weird that girls who bullied me in high school are now registered nurses
Watching Barr yesterday; he reminded me of the school yard bully who got caught pushing a little kid down on the ground. He was all bluster. He couldn't answer a simple "yes or no" question. He is obviously not good at this.
Cops bully, harrass and stalk a 13yo trying to do a school project.
I think having that conversation honestly is uncomfortable for a lot of people because it doesn't just come out as an indictment on perpetual easy internet targets "the girls we bullied in high school but they dress better now!"
I used to get bullied in high school for having small lips also for my teeth, I will always remember what this girl said to me "yano lip fillers ain't that expensive, ik a good place" it will always stick with me and I feel like if you want it done no one should stop you
that tweet i’ve always said most kp*pies act like grade school bullies and this is my proof thank you
Most bullies happens in grade school level. At that age we can’t expect kids to learn and change gradually. Their best sources are parents and Teachers
And you are? By your attitude it seems you were the bullied girl in high school who never received attention and thinks it's cool being an asshole online. Manners never existed. My acc is just as real and yours. Ya'll weird.
Doing double domme Skype sessions for the next few hours If you’ve ever wanted to relive your high school days of getting bullied and tormented by the bratty, popular girls, nows your chance #finD findom finsub joi cei
fuck her honestly. she cant stop lying it’s embarrassing also she looks like one of the girls in school who would bully me for being quiet
My son had anxiety and just couldn’t take it any more. Nothing was good enough for that coach. He was a bully. Never a kind word. He ended up winning the city and then quit and went to a school in a different county to a desk job. But he ruined baseball for my son who loved it!
Yep, that's the case for several girls I met or know. Some go the other way and consciously copy everything they can to be the "best" at high-status hyper-femininity things so they become too cool to be bullied. Almost become a trend setter so people copy them instead.
A ver, que hay cosas peores: "HP Lovecraft meets Cruel Intentions in this dark paranormal reverse harem bully romance. This story (...) contains dark themes, crazed cultists, books bound in human skin, high-school drama, swoon-worthy sex, and potential triggers."
San Siro for god’s sake, but I didn’t want to be like my bullies or like the same music as them. That’s why i stanned 5sos, because they hated them back in elementary school. And now i feel so dumb, I could’ve easily just told my classmates that the boys wouldn’t be happy about +
#ldnont Public schools can be a dangerous place for your children. Bullies, radicalized teachers, 5G towers on the rooftops, indoctrination and social engineering, godless teachings, drag queen perverts at story time. #DefundTVDSB
Every girl who bullied me in high school for being gay now runs a fitness/health Instagram account where they promote self love and positivity
I regret moving to this school. So many bullies
Do you ever see bullies from your school having children and wonder if they'll also raise them to be bullies
I was bullied because I was desperate for people to like me above all things. I never looked after myself so I stank to high heaven. I was fat and kept getting the sarcastic "oH YUore SooOOOoO SeXXXxyyYyY" comments thrown at me. Girl, I was a wreck...
karma is real because all high school bullies turn out ugly
all the guys that want a big tittie goth gf now are the same jerks that bullied those exact girls in high school can i get an amen
A lot of then wont do anything. I was bullied all throughout high school. I actually dropped out a lot because of it. I was jumped by a group of girls I went to school with. All the principal said was "What am I supposed to do about it?" Uh.. Suspension? Expell them?
a girl who used to bully me in middle school and hs showed up in my dreams last night and started getting a redemption arc ??
LMAO a girl from high school who bullied me for a makeup choice literally just posted the exact same thing... like did you forget that you BULLIED me for that EXACT thing.
I’m glad at least that the comments seemed to have cleared up more than they were before. They used to be awful and now it’s slightly better. You get the frequent teenager trying to live her middle school bully lifestyle she never got to experience but it’s easily ignored now
...that's literally not what I'm saying at all. I'm talking about the clip not trans as a whole. if wearing the color blue is that much of an issue, bullies in high school are gonna be devastating.
A California woman who was on her way to the principal's office at her daughter's high school to report that her daughter was being bullied says she was brutally attacked on campus by two teenage girls.
#Podcast We speak to @CJScarlet She is a danger expert and author, with millitary and #Grandmother experience. We talk about #bullying in #school and #online. She gives actionable steps that #parents can use to help their #kids deal with bullies.
Nimbe was trying to be strong and not let his family issues weigh him down, but family issues and bullies from school? There is only so much a man can take, I feel so sorry for him.
like a couple years ago or something I checked up on FB on the girl who bullied me in high school and she's a hardcore Trumper and got married to an ugly 34 year old and has two dumb kids lol
Fuck all the girls i went to high school with that are gay now like where tf were y’all when i was getting bullied for being a lil f*g
Those bullying case, remined me of the same thing that happened when i was in Junior High._. It's not me who get bullied but a girl from the other class.
i feel like charli would be the type to never bully anyone in school
Gen Z teenagers are next level, I just saw this high school girl who was being bullied for cosplay straight up call out the people who made a group chat about her while doing a cute little dance?? What kind of bad ass bitchery??? I am in awe
Lmao u and other Carastans are so 'triggered' by Kailah. You're so obsessed u are preemptively sending her hate in case she wins and wishing for her to be bullied. Yet u get on your high horse and accuse her of being a mean girl. Stay pressed. She's off filming &amp; living life...
38 year old father acts like a middle school bully. Keem is stuck developmentally at about 11 years old.
//Okay, twitter is deleting/canceling my posts and dms. I am waiting until that shit becomes fixed before writing another reply. Hoping that THIS tweet is going to be sent. Have a good day, my dear sluts.
Prolonged school closures have had a significant impact on children's health and well-being by lessening the exposure to this deadly highly contagious virus. My kids ain't going back to school right now, Forrest so save your breath. Go bully and kidnap protesters! #VoteBiden2020
I got bullied for my overall appearance because I’m (mostly) flat chested. So people tend to confuse me as a boy instead of a girl (this is what I dealt with before the virus began). Back in high school, I got bullied bc of my stomach &amp; dating someone/pregnancy rumors
You look like the type that would drop out of college and sell makeup in a MLM scheme to the girls you bullied in high school
"But why couldn't they go to the same restaurant?", "Rosa didn't do anything wrong", "Why did they bully them in school?". Even after I explained what protests &amp; civil rights were she didn't understand why people were so mean (racist).
They are based off my school bullies
Did you have a bully that you absolutely despised in school? Then you realize you're doing much better than them in life. So you flash it and then ghost them. That's Trump. Like Ivana, Marla, and Melania (did I forget any?), we cannot wait to get rid of him. We will turn out.
my biggest memory in high school was getting bullied by the homophobic straight girls who kissed their “girlfriends” in photos bc they thought I was gay happy pride
I was bullied in high school when I moved to the US from Germany, it took me putting a girl's head into a locker door to stop the torment.
They are quite brave when in a mob. Get one alone and they run away crying. I went to school with bitches like them. Once you show weakness, it empowers the bullies.
The dad of a bullied girl speaks up: Parent scolds 'toxic,' 'politically correct' Beacon High School as students stage sit-in https://nypost.com/2019/12/21/parent-scolds-toxic-politically-correct-beacon-high-school-as-students-stage-sit-in/?utm_source=twitter_sitebuttons&amp;utm_medium=site%20buttons&amp;utm_campaign=site%20buttons via @nypmetro
Maybe the girls in high school bullied/are bullying you and I’m sorry about that I truly am but just know that energy you serve online never matches up in person so maybe y’all are lucky you have the strength of anonymity and this website. Cause u can get ur ass beat fr
Thank you Foxfire! I lost a classmate in high school to suicide. He was horribly bullied through middle school. I teach my girl to come aside kids who are being mistreated, because it’s the right thing, you know? I tell her, nerds win, be yourself, kindness...
It blows my mind that the group of girls that bullied me in high school still all hang out together
Rather like a school bully getting chastised by the headmaster
I was bullied in fourth grade cause my twin liked math and i liked to... draw. So they hated me and because of that I had anger issues till high school. In middle/high school most of the girls were afraid to say a word to me cause i was a troublemaker.....
I NEED YOU TO LIKE THIS TWEET NORA SO I KNOW YOU KNOW IM JOKING AND BEING YOUR MIDDLE SCHOOL BULLY
on r u ok day i really wanna ask if the girls who relentlessly bullied me for dating other girls in high school r ok yet
you know who bullies me the most?? adults. even when I'm just out with my friends. the kids at school are supportive, adults arent. I've learnt how bad the world is.
When you peaked during high-school as a racist bully but you weren't able to get into the police academy, there's a home for you at CBP or ICE.
Me & my roommate were talking and I just remembered there was this one bitch in high school who was obsessed with me and would copy my every move. She wanted to be me SOOO BAD omg.
Dear @CDCgov Don’t let Trump bully you into changing school guidelines! You can’t pick and choose data to match his demented policies. You’re scientists! He had someone take his SAT’s. #TrumpIsKillingAmericans
Maggie didnât even know Ellis, she was a horrible fucking mother. MIND YO DAMN BUSINESS #GreysAnatomy
i feel like there’s a breed of girl who’s a taylor stan who goes to disney and is a nursing major and def bullied girls in high school
This shows how high school, backstabbing, and gossiping women can be in circles. No matter how old. Look, everyone talks. But These girls claim to be so real, yet never own what they say . Until they’re bullied into it #BasketballWives
Hiring Advice: Don't hire the high school bully to run campus security. Being a bully isn't a qualification you want.
I Get Offended When Y’all Come At Me TRYING To Act Like The Mean Girls Who Bullied Y’all Back In High School At Y’all’s Current Advanced Ages Without Having The Range. But
when she said she was the monster, she was warning us #HurricaneHanna gabbie hanna was the monster all along and we didn’t listen. now innocent texans have to pay the price. you guys are hiGh ScHOol BULLIES
Grade school bullies have grown up to be Antifa boys.
You are very ugly inside..u hate this guy so much it has made u act like a high school girl being bullied... states should fend for themselves then at last resort go to the fed..we have 50 states.keep having hateful people on your show joy, u should be ashamed acting like a child
Ran into the girl that bullied me in high school at the store this morning. I was wearing my Hogwarts sweatpants, flip flops, and a Neon blue wind breaker in case you were wondering how impressed she was with my glow-up.
He’s was a nasty bully at school. He then screwed his own family member over image rights for Morcheeba and another lad for similar album covers. A pretty dark and dismal character all in all. May his partner rest in peace
He was a friend of mine. And I saw him treat people with respect from all walks of life. What a cruel thing to say. Were you one of the bullies in your school growing up?
Every teacher in the nation should go on strike. If it so safe, let all the Republicans go to the schools to teach. It’s time to stand up to the these bullies who want to take the nation back to the Jim Crow era.
i hate going to a new school bc i have to be closeted cause of all the dumbasses that bully gays,, but i wont let them get to me LMAO
I’m sorry but it makes me laugh seeing all of these bullies/ bitches from school posting shit about “Got A Tattoo Which Means Bullying Is Bad!” And posting about how bullies “need to take a good long look in the mirror” Actually hilarious, seeing as they’re BULLIES...
i used to bully this guy in elementary school and geninuenly didnt like him but now hes one of my closest friends and i think that's beautiful
Do you mind those idiots Every sane person: I hate that guy because he bullied me all through and beat the hell out of me. Divest moron: Black men don't like black women and they deserve to die because the black guy I liked in high school chose a light skinned girl instead of me.
I swear it’s like my jr high school bullies have infiltrated the hobby I love and turned it into the “popular kids” club.
I'm 30, happily married with 2 kids. In school I was 6'3 and weigh 190 my senior year. the onlytime.somine.tried to bully me I threw their moped in the school dumpster. Nice try though
I think they did a movie together... Cheaper by the Dozen remake Jared was uncredited for his role as the school bully. Amanda played one of the kids in the family. But it's been awhile since I watched the movie.....might be wrong.
So......one of the girls on The Bachelor was telling the guy some sad stories about high school and being bullied and stuff and since Jacie and Jessica went to school with her.......Jacie put some info out there and is caught . How funny...lol. #idontdobachelor
@EricTrump This poor little boy. My heart is breaking for him! I can relate. My daughter was bullied from the 1st grade up through High School all because of her Astounding Beauty! It was the girls that bullied her. She committed 23 suicide attempts. She spent many....
Thread on schools who choose to stay closed. If teacher unions are permitted to bully schools to stay closed, and teachers allow, there will be a cost.
My bullies are literally stalking me at school. idk what to do!! like i told the teacher/ counselors but it became worse and now there's lots of eyes looking at me and watching every more i take. I wanna hide but i can't, and if i look back they'll do something... what should i?
also the idea that seeing someone who was a bully in high school now being ”woke” online means that they’re just ”faking” it. it really weirds me out
Synopsis: A former class bully reaches out to the deaf girl he'd tormented in grade school. He feels unworthy of redemption but tries to make things right. (netflix)
I remember this girl in high school had a YouTube channel, and she would get bullied for it &amp; I never understood why. Now everyone wants to be a YouTuber
wild how this girl who bullied me in high school is really worried about meghan markle right now
Hope it’s the raiders but if it’s Titans man they are building an old school bully over there
•kids who bullied others in high school and are now nursing majors took Spanish •artsy girls who had underlying racism/colorism issues and thus didn’t fw Spanish took French •horse girls and theatre kids took Latin because they wanted to stand out
@Simplydabest10 thats great! because if not the bully could've kept going & doing worse things ... I had a bully in elementary & jr high
pov: i’m a poster on the wall at your school that none of the boys listen to. this is a BULLY FREE ZONE
Have read by several people that Barr was a bully in school who used offensive anti-Semitic words.
Did they though? How many kids killing themselves over bullies, or how many kids shooting up schools. Newsflash, it's not doing anyone any good.
There was a girl who use to bully me in middle school and freshman year of high school. She use to say I was gay because I hung out with people who were. SHE HAS A GIRLFRIEND , IT WAS A REFLECTION OF HER OWN FAILED EXPRESSION THIS WHOLE TIME!!
i had to buy baby food for my bearded dragon and the cashier at publix was a girl who bullied me in high school and. all i had on the belt was 3 jars of sweet potato baby food and i was like
Exactly what Hoover said of the black panther's free breakfast program. These fascists pretend they have values but really they're just like grade school bullies- lashing out due to deep insecurity and impotent rage.
and the gopher that posted it was proud that he saw it. just imagine being that person. i think they seriously went to a bully free school if they’re this fucking weird. just image being proud that a cc said they hate their life and what they do because of you.
cheesy high school movie au where hawks is getting bullied and dabi is that hottie that every girl in school running after but dabi is actually glancing at this nerdy kid with bruises on his face and one day saves his from a bully
who says I'm a militant cyclist? I presume you're a little man with a big car to make up for his lack of size in many departments. I also guess you were the school yard and maybe still are a bully. Do you try and bully cyclists too?
Maybe hang around actual tall girls lol? 5'10 and up. We grew up getting bullied all the way through high school graduation by the girls who thought they were tall (5'6, 5'7, and 5'8)and hot shit lol. So we'd never make anyone feel like shit. The tables always turn. Always.
Training?Training?People need to be TRAINED so they know what?Trained to not beat and shoot others? Really?Trained to respect others?Trained,to not be a school yard bully?Whoa there Nelly,why would grown people think that if the Bible tells us it’s ok to murder certain people?
the best example I had for this was cyberbullying another student off-campus. The school can’t do anything to them for that (depending on circumstances) but that doesn’t mean they should go ahead and bully someone online. Many conservatives think that liberals want to ban /2
From K-7 (plus a repeated 7th grade year) I was bullied (more like tormented but whatever) for being white. Then in high school some basic white girls harassed me for being bisexual. That didnt last long, as my mom confronted one of the girls (but not THE girl) &amp; they stopped.
And the kids that were terrible we’re most definitely dealt with. This isn’t about PE or competition it’s about a school who maybe has a shitty teacher and shitty kids who bully. That has nothing to do with PE or what the class is for. It’s just shit people being shit.
Kids are very different at home and at school. Parents got to ensure their kids don't bully someone at school, or take bullying, no matter how decent they appear at home. #bullying #dontraiseabully
didnt u bully me in middle school
One year, I had a principal who was a bully in every way possible. She was rude and nasty to pretty much everyone but would specifically target young and quiet staff members like myself. Over 15 teachers, gone.She was truly evil. That year most of the school left, myself included
i just remembered this one girl in primary school i hated her so much a girl was my primary school bully
Spare a thought for those that attended high school with Cass,girl would’ve bullied others relentlessly. #bachelorinparadiseau
Closing clubs and bars before closing schools seems like a sensible policy position to me.
I hope you are sincere in this post. We really need you to stand up to the bullies. Don't budge 1 centimeter, especially with returning to school this fall. Walz is going nuts with his dictatorship, it's literally killing our state.
franziska definitely seems like one of those girls that would bully me in school purely by the prospect of “you look easy to bully” and honestly I can’t fault her
Lol ever wanna go back to your old high school bullies and punch them in the face? Yeah me too. Y’all got off way too easy. Fucking bullied another girl off the team after me, too.
I saw this and I wanted to share this as it reminded me of something that happened to me high school. I had a group of girls who for four years in high school bullied me just like these girls did. They did... https://www.facebook.com/julie.taylorducharme/posts/10213829449839897
These are the girls that bullied me in high school, said the n word, and liked to pretend to be hood but lived in Shadow Creek.
even if a friend of mine (let alone an EX PARTNER) said they were now dating my high school bully i’d literally move country because that is so wrong and weird i would not know how to handle it
One of my very good friend was bullied in High school(grade8) . He’s now 25 years old with a heart condition because the girl who bullied her and nearly choked him to death, The doctor told him that he won’t be able to work because his not fit to work due to the pacemaker heart.
Yeah feels p old school with the exception of the grappling hook
I had a classmate who was autistic and he became stressed and depressed and told his parents that he dont wanna continue his studies which also made him fear that if he continues school students are gonna bully him to death just because he is autistic..
This girl definitely bullied people in high school
on top of that jorja bullied darkskin girls in her high school years
Cass is like a school bully, out for Littany because she’s “weird.” ITS 2020 WEIRD IS COOL LITTNEY IS COOL #BachelorInParadiseAU
Yea I'm totally boring when you've been replying acting so mocho. I'm not going to listen to a girl who looks like she bullied people in high school. Block me like the rest of the people who get called out
"the irony of the girls that bullied me in high school posting about suicide awareness month." bruh you graduated 6 years ago, grow up, and be happy for their growth???
cancel @tylerisbaby she’s a HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BULLY
i remember when girls bullied me for wearing green high tops vans. didn’t work i’m still ugly.
Fuck that. I was a bully in school and nowts changed. It adds inches to my dick.
she said she was sorry i “felt like” i bullied, but after two years of silence after starting drama with me over nothing i guess i’ll take it but i’m not the only girl she bullied in high school- just one of the few that isn’t scared anymore. do with that what you will
this is like when they warned us in school that if we defended ourselves against a bully beating the shit out of us we would be suspended, too. Also the kids that did that are probably LE now.
Right I understand that. Sisolack just said he gave all the powers to the Schools, which I don’t agree with. He doesn’t want to get his hands dirty and do his job. He’s the “boss” so he should be acting like one, not just passing the tourch. He won’t even give us phases anymore.
anybody that enjoyed middle school was probably a bully
Ol' girl left the group so suddenly, and now with all of this surfacing, there's a high chance that she got bullied
I don’t like royal high due to: People are being made fun of because they don’t like their outfit. Yesterday I saw a girl being bullied because she didn’t dress like a girl should dress and asked her to just kill herself I don’t like seeing this. Nobody should go through this
sometimes when im on twitter i feel like im back in middle school cause yall make some wierd friends group bully people and act like a fucking dumbasses also u cant make jokes for shit
Trump is a terrible role model. Lies, pays off women he has sex with 2 keep their mouths' shut, says there r good people on the side of Nazis, KKK & White Nationalist, throws out violent rhetoric, lied & downplayed the virus causing 2 many deaths, acts like a school yard bully.
same thing as when we say cops are just ppl who were bullied in high school that want the power to bully others as adults. dudes who couldn’t get girls in high school become musicians so that they can take sexual advantage of their fans
I'm saying this as a person who is in a lacrosse team and in a school who some of my bullies play lacrosse
i was helping my mom unblock somebody on Facebook & I saw she had blocked a girl who bullied me all throughout middle school &amp; high school. shit idfwu &amp; neither does my mom.
story time, i once got bullied in high school and i fucked the girls big bro in her own living room
I need to read more Atwood, I read Testaments obviously but before that was the high of Oryx and Crake Trilogy, then I read Cats Eye which I hated (well written obviously) because I was bullied by other little girls when young and that made me gun shy.
girls who bullied me in high school are watercolor paints now and im milk
It’s crazy that my favorite coworkers are two 17 year old girls who definitely would’ve bullied me in high school
Love and solidarity brother! Your work matters. The fear is super understandable. Just don't let the bullies flip your focus. You know your goal, keep fighting. I get a lot of death threats too! Told by a PDX schools activist in 05: "Death threats? Means you're EFFECTIVE."
I'm finally realizing that my middle school bully actually just really liked me
@93xjosh During High School I never: Had a Girlfriend. Been Kissed. Made out with any Girls. Had any Sex. Went to my Senior Prom. #Heavy Metal Diamond Dotz Pinball Jesus. Was the most Bullied during High School
I think I got bullied in high school for 15 minutes and them girls nearly shat their pants
this is what happens when the girl that bullied you in high school goes to nursing school
"what is your high school bully doing now" ideally rotting in jail or something but he's part of the royal family so that's 100% not the case
One on left was most likely bullied at school for having ginger hair &amp; one on right just looks like he wanted a career where he could get paid to be be a thug. Security work is ideal work for gammon &amp; bullies. When I look at these people I don’t particularly see a Socialist.
Every tweet seeks to divide. Every tweet labels some group in a negative way. If this were elementary school, tRump would be the bully on the playground who spends way too much time in the principal's office with his parents. #TrumpIsACompleteFailure #TrumpMeltdown
Boke at those people that still have that high school mentality and continue to bully people online or in person
if u think charli damelio is hot u havent been bullied enough by girls in high school sorry 2 break it 2 u
Finally got the guts to tell a high school crush I liked him. Told me he sees me as a friend and said he liked a different girl who bullied me (He didn't know). I was crushed, but got over it eventually. We're still friends and part of our D&amp;D group.
the same girls who bullied me in high school retweeted this tweet
Are u a rep for Arizona or a childish school yard bully? I’m so imbarrassed by your behavior, &amp; your non-action on Covid. If u don’t believe in mask or social distancing y don’t you go get a haircut, and share it on social media, If u believe there is nothing 2 worry about.
i was in high school dead getting bullied and degraded by black dudes because im skinny and they told me they would rather date a white girl with a fat ass and that “white girls just do it better” y’all im so triggered memsksk
Like the bullies you see in schools. Who love control of people and power who lack the intelligence and/or drive to obtain a job where they can assert this dominance over others. Then there are ok cops and good cops, both are incredible due to their job and the public doesnt show
Teacher at my high school went to jail for having sex with a student. A sports teacher noted the girls periods in my class so they couldn't use it as an excuse to get out of swimming. A different sports teacher bullied me for an entire term because I couldn't participate.
thinking abt the fact that the girl who bullied me in 3rd grade had a baby less than a year after graduating high school
RT @rubylovestacoss: To all the people who ask "how's college":
I’m seeing all these girls speaking up about sexual assault on social media, yet it’s the same girls who bullied other girls and myself in high school; slut shaming us to our faces in front of groups of people, and behind closed doors... I’m over it, but you look real dumb
I wasnt bully guilt shaming, i really do hope your family comes out ok. I see many others clinging to 98% recovery rate as if they couldnt possibly be the 2% to die. If you are so confident in opening schools, own up to the mortality rates as well, it has to affect some1s family
6’3 I knew this girl that went to my high school that was 6’3 and she wasn’t bullied at all no one made jokes or anything like they’re trying to portray.
THEY SOUND LIKE THEYD BULLY ME IN MIDDLE SCHOOL
I hate this bc I genuinely want to help people and there are compassionate nurses out there.. and then we get bullied by the high school mean girls that become nurses too :(((((((( https://twitter.com/deletedrew/status/1192930444955639808
Aku rasa tak adil utk anak dia. Some of his future friends might bully him just because of his name. Nama aku yg banyak A ni pun, jadi bahan ejekan waktu sekolah. Tbh, I lost confidence in myself while I was in high school. Because of having too many A’s.
This girl said “do kids get bullied at school? Yeah. Don’t blame it on the bully” like are u high? Or high af
happy valentine’s day to the girl that bullied me all throughout high school tell ur man to get outta my phone w his “add me back on snap now” headass
“Girls are seeking validation” but lemme just slide is my height and weight yo attitude is ugly, it’s ok. You must’ve been bullied in high school.
Fikile being bullied by the taxi industry and taking it out on the country is such a "I'm a high school bully because my father beats me" cliche
girls who bullied me in high school are flats now and im film major
Gay niggas always got hands .. especially if they grew up in the hood lmao.. I seen gay dude in middle school knocc the bully out cold Omm
If a school yard bully called anyone ugly, most decent ppl would defend them ...
Cortez is another Pelosi hate crime against men - feminist misandry from gold digger Cortez, as she acts like a cry baby in the school yard, blaming the bully boy, using lies promoting herself &amp; motivating bias against the boy-this is an attack on all boys @POTUS @HouseDemocrats
i know tyler stans for a fact would make fun of and bully this tyler @school. don’t even try to argue.
Some of y’all niggas mama just be tryna bully y’all girlfriend on some high school mean girl shit. What’s up with that .
I guess when a bully terrorize a school you will follow him in order experience piece. The brave usually push back.
the girl who bullied me ever since elementary school started teaching at my old high school and moved in across the street from my mom’s house into a house that looks just like that
I was always taught at school not to be afraid of bullies because there is always someone harder than them .
You know how there are people who peak early? I imagine this is for those bullies who peaked in middle school and want to relive those glory days.
I despite bullies. I was bullied my entire school life. But I would never stoop so low to kill them. Murdering them is absolutely unforgivable.
You also often buy into the belief that bullies change and although this may be true in some cases in my case it wasnt and one of my bullies has never stop bullying since he left school
i matched with my high school bully on tinder and he doesn't recognise me am i in a new adult novel??
My high school bully got married today and I just don’t understand why life isn’t fair
The bullies were another case, starting from school to tuition centers, then street OMG how did I survive all of this :'( how .. I'll write chapters about it all but would rather cut it short. Happy birthday and God bless you!
Omg same but I'm low key traumatized i was bullied by girls up until high school
I went to an all-boys school where toxic masculinity was always rife, not just in PE lessons. It was the lesson where a lot of the bullies thrived though, &amp; is probably why I still get anxious &amp; a sense of imposter syndrome in the gym, &amp; I have nothing in common with anyone there
I was about to go to my sisters high school because she is getting bullied I find out she went and told the office and they said girls will mean deal with it wtf
I am looking for a NERD , a girl who was bullied for being smart and aiming for high grades yet she belived in herself and got where she wants For an anti bullying campign PLEASE REACH ME OUT
Edited: Idk why but i had a lucid dream about me and my bff from my old school, and it was kinda interesting tbh, but weird because the only girl i can see myself being intimate with is my girlfriend (btw my bff is a girl, who used to have a huge crush on, an.d she "bullies" me)
You do realize just because a handful of people intent was to hurt doesn't mean all of BLM is like that, right? That's like saying since one person in school is a bully that means everyone in that school is a bully when that's not the case.
My FB timeline is all the girls from high school crying about how they’re being “bullied” by all the “meanies” for “their opinions” aka politely veiled racism.
Please, I would really like Kevin to react to this. #bubnation @KevinLangue @SamGolbach @SamandColby @ColbyBrock When people bully me at school and no one does anything:
I mean a lot them still shame my body and In elementary middle school, I was bully so bad that I had move school just because my body was smaller they thought it was ok
- you wont want to go to grad school because chem curriculum has destroyed the genuine interest u once had in the subject - either way most of you probs wont get into grad school because like I mentioned, absurd difficulty
that's what progressive ideology preaches, IMHO, throw temper tantrums, burn, loot &amp; kill to get your way... Because... F the rest of us, it's All about them because that's what they learn in school these days... To be narcissistic bullies to get their way...
I was a bully in high school and i was bullied
in the movie You Again, are u supposed to feel bad for the girl that was gonna marry Marni’s brother? Because she was just expecting Marni to forget that she bullied her, her whole high school life and move on without even saying an apology and then tries to make herself victim
the deacon at my childhood church told my mother - in front of me - that kids like me would end up getting put in prison. i was ten. i was fighting back against bullies that he did nothing to stop (he was also principal of my school)
me and my mom are going to shave our hair, i know im probably going to get bullied for it but cancers been a big part of our family. every girl in my family has had cancer in the past meaning theres a high risk i will get it. doing this will help a lot of people including us
i think this is one of the more grating qualities about him actually like being bullied by the hot girl in high school
It’s really bad. He’s the like school bully you can’t ignore because he’s also the superintendent
I don’t have a handle , but she’s high key bullied my girl and I’m not about it.
You get hit, you hit right back . Schools trying to reprimand both parties is what creates bullies...
Didn’t mean to cause ptsd over your middle school bullies. Sorry
I was bullied for years, because I was the new kid. Later, in high school, I was the goth girl, the one alone who dresses in black
WTF, is the government full of white school yard bullies? POS
i can’t believe this is the girl who bullied me in high school LMFAOOOOO
Yeah I know what you mean. I knew when I got older my skin would clear up and it did. Weight changes over time and is something you can fix usually. I have definitely been bullied for being a girl/woman which really sucks but whatever I can’t change it. High school is over.
I JUST KNOW I DID NOT SEE THESE GIRLS FROM MY CLASS(2013)OF DESOTO HIGH SCHOOL SAID THEY GOT BULLIED FOR BEING LIGHT SKINNED ......I JUST KNOW CAUSE WHO CAN TALK ABOUT BEING BULLIED IS ME LMAOOOO STFU
she looks like she was part of that group of white girls who bullied everyone in middle-high school
Twilight x Sailor Moon. Sida is a princess hiding in an earth high school. But blending in is hard when her problems include a shape-shifting prince, a school bully, one alluring boy with a secret, and a murderous enemy hot on her trail. #SFFpit #YA #FR
Adele now looks like the pretty rich girl from Surrey who always had the new iPhone and took singing lessons and low key bullied you in high school lmao
when all my school friends thought i was a bully when they first saw me
I have hip dysplasia, which causes me to walk with a limp. In secondary school people used to mimic me walking and bully me senseless for it. One P.E lesson we were meant to do the 100m run for sports day- which required the girls to run in front of the boys. I refused to (c)
feel like every girl that bullied people in my high school became a nurse n it’s fucking terrifying
e girls are cool and all but i used to get bullied for dressing like that in high school so im just a wee sour
See bro these are the girls who bullied kids in high school and are now becoming nurses to bully patients in the medical field
The girls that make social media accounts posing as witches and selling merchandise, are the same girls that bullied me in high school for believing in astrology and earth magic.
I will never forgive n forget those girls that bullied me in high school. Never
middle school bully?? im the nicest in the gc
nothing like seeing girls who bullied you in high school get jobs working with disabled youth or promoting inclusion in schools lmao
It's like the slow kid in the school playground who gets his lunch stolen and does everything at the bullies request.
!!!!! RT @mleew17: boy dats cold...tyga dwn bad for cuffin dat hoe in the 1st place!!
says this constantly but bullies/disregards nerds in school sapiosexual my ass
So brave, massive respect for this person. Feels like a bad plan to target such a gay city with the tactics of schoolyard bullies. We know how to make high school bullies look like big dum assholes when they abuse us, and we know we can survive them.
Roblox High school, I got bullied by 2 girls, I still remember it ;-;
#WhyIDontLikeTrump ... everything. He's like that bully in school that got in everyone's face and was stupid as hell
@BijuuKitsune It's like my childhood all over again. Bullied hard. And there''s nothing I can do about it.
School Bully: Tex AG Paxton Says Schools Can't Close. Astros-Dodgers Rivalry Still Hot. Top Stories at 8AM - https://mailchi.mp/houstonreader/start-1144004
Because you trump, Never progressed past the Third Grade school yard bully Mentality!
girl that bullied me in high school just asked what my skincare routine is...imma tell her I use St. Ives apricot scrub with a Clarisonic
A girl who bullied me and made homophobic comments about me being a lesbian or something in my early high school days just sent me a friend request on FB. Not sure if I want to add back yet but...a lot of things have definitely changed
when I was in high school, i got bullied for being ugly, not the standard of a "normal" girl and basically based on my acne. i was skinny and short, but had this thing that anyone would call me ugly...
Yes, because we can’t be supportive of one without trashing the other. The mentality of an insecure grade school bully!
some girls just straight up look like they would have bullied me in high school
why is he making the face of the girls who bullied me in high school LOL
i feel like high school timothée would bully me for my weight but knowing me i would still simp over him
its ok the girls who bullied me in high school are on meth &amp; heroin now. you jus gotta be patient bb
Roblox can be fun when playing with crackheads. We also played Royal high and bullied each other to see if they would stop it. We ended up jumping a girl. We played a scary game and girl-
swirlies & being bullied by pretty girls will always be your life. from elementary, jr. high, to high school, and now as an adult. what a pathetic life you live. / findom /
im mad that i was bullied in middle school/first half of high school for liking one direction by the same girls who stan harry styles now :/
I was short and heavier and wore glasses, so I had my fair share of bullies. Most of the time I told them to f off. I talked to pretty much everyone and I parties quite a bit. School was fun for me but I chose to ignore a lot of things and people so I don't know if I was popular.
Agreed, there’s a reason PE teachers love the popular kids/ bullies. Because they’re bullies too. Thank god school is over with, such a toxic environment that has fucked my mental health for life.
1st Eritrean-American @RepJoeNeguse schools Bill Barr on Truth vs. Lies You are going to have a great public service career, Sir! Keep standing up to bullies like Bill Barr
@marnoldpalmer1 well then get the fuck out of high school Marnold!!
not exactly the same thing but my sisters bully in high school used to call her slurs and mock her for being gay/different. the bully later came out and wound up being a minor celebrity in lesbian spaces, talking about gay rights etc with no acknowledgement of her past actions
#Preorder DEVIOUS KISSES The first steamy bully romance standalone in an all-new series, It’s Just High School! https://amzn.to/2WP7BG0 https://amzn.to/3fQEjOC https://amzn.to/32MABSm https://amzn.to/2WRTaAV #bullyreads #ThandiweMpofu
The last match is goin to be connor against (some how) the bully of his old school
My hatred of Hamilton comes from two girls who bullied me in high school who used to sing Hamilton in our precalc class for no reason.
Nobody seems to get it. In this article about 15 year old girl who has been bullied at Cardozo High and Middle School in DC, her mother claims that "efforts by the school system to put a stop by the abuse have fallen...
I love going to the fitness center at my university because I can see all the girls that are wearing gymshark and would have bullied me in high school
The dumbest bully in the average grade-school playground can post crap that makes more sense than anything you offer here. Bye!
Felicity and Rosie look like those girls in high school who all of the teachers/staff loved but they spread the nastiest rumors and bullied children for fun
Right? I feel like it's grade school all over again where all the bullies are being told to stop picking on the little kids and they're like "I DON'T WANNA! YOU CAN'T MAKE ME!" and stomping their feet in a tantrum. It's surreal. All of this is surreal.
honestly i don’t understand why netflix decided that tall girls are a problem in high school rather than the black kids getting racially abused and the lgbtq community getting harassed and bullied in high school ?
I will bully u middle school style if I see this shit on ur forehead
I don't feel like it's incomplete so much as it's unimportant. I think at best we get an arc about Rei trying to help Hina fit in at his own school when he himself struggles with that and I think that would be far more rewarding narratively than shoe-horning in the bully.
That’s when I realized something was wrong with my mom, too, because how could she side with the bullies? She did. Firmly. It was ... disconcerting. When we moved to California the next year, even though there was (I’m sure) significant racism, it wasn’t in my school as much.
I hate body shaming jokes when it's on such a serious topic like that I really agree!!;-; it's so grade school bully-like; and takes away from the true problems
No reason for this brutality! Was he the school bully?
I foresee a lot of issues when the pod system comes into schools. The plan that is there doesn't seem to be bully proof and I'm not sure it's a consideration. It will definitely be in the minds of some kids &amp; families, especially those who were relieved when lockdown happened.
Bill Barr is the adult version of the passive aggressive quiet bully who spends most days of middle school doing dull performances in the principles office
@ReasonVsFear I guess it's this...I was SO beaten down by namecalling and bullying as a child that I can never diminish its importance...
the girl calling me disgusting for having an onlyfans is the same one that bullied me and knowingly slept with my boyfriend in high school but keep going off
I fully support making fun of horse girls because horse girls were the ones who bullied me in high school.
The God of Abraham works this way: dirt done is visited upon perpetrators. Your face is in headlines news across Europe for lowlife abusive language. Nothing to do representing Christian decency of Floridians, just making America look like an immature school yard of bullies.
True its a very lucrative grift! I must admit, I was paid 25 cents and some pocket lint by my school bully to grift the left. I never saw so much money in my life.
And thats it? you leave it a that? Could you instead pin this as your First tweet in feed please? Itherwise you are just a bully and the kind of bully all of us hated in school! You have such a huge platform and that is lol you can do? #comicsgate
#13ReasonsWhy -- Welcome to Liberty High, It's F****NG Awesome so far...Loved the Concept &amp; Plot but a Bit Slow...it's About #Hannah story of a High school Girl who Got #Bullied by Her Classmates and it Explains How Valuable is a Life &amp; Shows The Dark Side of High School Bullying
"Light Skin" girls get brutalized by Black girls all the time. When I was going to high school they would do very nasty stuff like cut their hair or put gum in it. Also, as someone who is "light skin", I got bullied pretty bad. They don't fight 1on1 that is for sure.
Thank you so much Duane. 1 of the girls who bullied me saw me in a pub a few years ago. She approached me to say she was ashamed of the horrific things she said &amp; did to me in high school. She asked for forgiveness. It was hard but I forgave. Hard to forget though. #StarfishClub
Whenever I feel bad about myself I go on Instagram stories and look at all my middle school bullies who now are in pyramid schemes.
Everyday before noon i get at least 1 Facebook message from a girl who bullied me in high school trying to sell me some pyramid scheme product
Really? It’s about emails? We’ve had kids in cages, MOST lies by a pres in History, kids must go back to school..Dictatorship! Stop funding for testing, never wore a mask (too late) A bully, RACIEST, I could go on and on! #pathetic. It’s common sense...BIDEN 2020-21!!
As a tall girl who got bullied all of 3rd grade-high school bc of this (among many other reasons), I do love this concept. But if the lead character also has a shit ton of acne, was a natural redhead, culturally jewish, atheist, plus size, and a closeted lesbian, it’d be my life
wow i dont care at what age you were a bully if u were a bully in primary school u evil man
i found out that a group of girls from my high school still make me a topic of conversation and i’m sad for them bc i’m so fuckin stupid and dumb why are u guys talking about me if u want to kiss me just say so please i’ll kiss u idc if u bullied me
e girls appropriated rosy cheeks and noses from ppl w rosacea i got bullied for this shit in middle and high school but now y’all WANT it?????
PE at school was torturous, teenage girls can be so nasty about someone for something as simple as them being bad at catching a ball. Sport should foster teamwork not encourage kids to bully each other
The same guy who physically and mentally bullied me in middle school is now constantly in my bfs dms bitch if you don’t get ya dumb ass out of his dms, I’ll bully you the same way you bullied me, foh
i wonder what i wouldve been like had i grown up in korea like what kinda bitch would i had been in high school would i have been the pretty, but cold studious type would i have been the cigarette smoking hot mean girl would i have been the one to have gotten bullied
I remember us watching the movie for school and for months people would do the wave thing at one another, and made a club and Facebook page around how cool it was, and would bully kids who didn’t participate so hard the school stepped in lmao. Public education btfo once again
Cass is the girl in high school who relentlessly bullies you and then tries to have a ‘civilised conversation’ with you to see if you’ll snap. It’s a tactic. And it’s toxic and unacceptable. Middle class white lady bullshit that she learnt at 13 years old. #BachelorInParadiseAU
theres a group of high school girls in this theatre yall im abt to get bullied So hard
I’ll never forget when the girl who bullied me in high school posted on Facebook after the parkland shooting, saying that it happened because kids were bullies and didn’t invite that kid to eat with them at lunch.
Yes!! With a sprinkling of high school bully.
Because he was mad at and jealous of Dr Fauci so he tried to lie and one-up him like an elementary school bully
broken as fuck as both victim AND bully are punished. I remember one story, a guy was called a fag, bullied, beaten, RAPED, everything, but this school did nothing for him. Nothing did until he purposely nearly killed himself during a punishment they gave him for no reason. :/
DONT act like we forgot you niggas was exposing females in high school and how y’all laughed and bullied the girls exposed.
barst*ol sports podcasts/content are for boys and girls who bullied you in high school who are now cops or nurses
"They grabbed by the hair and dragged me." Can you believe this? An East Bay mom was walking into her daughters Union City high school to talk with the principle about her daughter being bullied when she was brutally attacked by teen girls.
These are the exact kinda guys who lure 14yr old girls into tour vans, bullied anyone who didn’t listen to Goblin Metal in high-school, &amp; secretly play WoWC whilst bullying kids who openly play WoWC. 100% definitely sleeps with a Yuna Final Fantasy body billow
Almost every single girl who bullied me in middle school was in juvie by high school so I kind of know the feeling
Why’s all the mean girls from high school liking and retweeting this? I know for a fact a few of you bullied and downed me.
My son,Thapelo 10 years.Chatterbox,we tease him that he is making up for delayed speech.Unconditional love 24/7.He goes to mainstream school,he lost the innocence a little, He lies&amp;cheat these days,he bullies the older sisters.Never a dull moment,there's no filter,says like it
the girls who bullied me in high school once went up to me and said that and i’ll tell you it was pretty devastating to my 16 year old self esteem its a decent insult
It was an anti-bullying song I wrote after taking a high school music writing class that saved the life of a bullied girl in the Philippines. Now I'm a semifinalist to play the Hollywood Bowl. Please VOTE! Link &amp; song in story:
He never bullied a 12 year old girl. He called out a 17 year old high school dropout for attacking him politically and pretending to be a "climate scientist". Unless that reporter's disability is pathological lying, he never made fun of his "disability". McCain is no hero, sorry.
I’ve been bullied during secondary school/high school. Because of that i became very insecure to the point i had trust issues as well. Worst is the girls are the one who bullied me. Not the boys as I always hang out with them
I super relate to this story. I was bullied in HS, reason why I never go to our reunions nor do I like it when I ran accross my HS classmates. I never mention this to my parents but I never liked going to school because of bullies
#ComercializationOfEducation &amp; #ExploitationOfParents by making #parents pay UNJUSTIFIED sums of money for admission &amp; fees after establishing institute on Public land is against the Rule of Law. Lack of unity among #parents is root cause of School acting #bully. @NMMCCommr
You guys will drag a young tweep here who is still in High School.. Ayi, I don't know but it makes you look like bullies.
I got bullied because I was a hard worker and I wasn't your average high school girl who attended House parties or whatever. And it was by females .
i remember this one girl bullied me in high school, she’s now a single mother with a baby father that don’t even claim the child
He was a bully in school go figure
Classic "put down" from Cameron! Basically a school yard bully that one. You could say Cameron and Patrick are like Statler and Waldorf, while Caleb is more like Fozzie Bear.
khun aguero agnes -either very straight or very gay -you were a gifted child and thought that you were a genius at some point in elem/middle school -likes to bully people -acts confident but is actually insecure -estranged from parents
most of the girls posting mental health tweets are the same ones that bullied you during high school
During my junior high school day I got bullied by some boys and some girls defend me but laugh at me too lol. It was deeply hurt and I couldn't forget all of them. I couldn't say it directly but I hate you. You think it's joke but your joke ruin my teenager's life.
Much like being at school the white British are being bullied, they take it, walk away or hide. The problem is the bullies will follow and until white British people stand up for themselves the nonsense of the last few years will continue.
Watching grown women snicker at other people’s looks makes me wonder when the bullies left middle school? You don’t have to make fun of how people look to make your point. It’s actually really disgusting to watch. I don’t teach my children to make fun of people either!
Seabreeze High School: Justice for African American Special Needs Student - Bullied by Savannah and Chelsea - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/kyFNCzRT via @Change These girls only got an in-school suspension for breaking poor girl nose coz they parents rich.
I guarantee you this guy only weighed 110 lbs in high school, got bullied, read Manga, and beefed up to raise his self esteem. He only dates white girls because they were the only ones willing to date HIM.
A bunch of high school bullies with a hard on for violence who know they can hide behind their badges. Defund the f*ckers.
i wish draco stans went to school w him he would bully y’all for breathing
MENDNDLDLD. my biggest middle school bully and i are now besties
my chronic fatigue bullies me harder than every popular girl at my middle school combined
-this girl who was in my high school flute section that bullied the SHIT out of me while I pretend to play the flute and I'm dodging trombones n shit anyway I'm sure absolutely none of that means anything
without funding for new students, over 1/3 of school districts across the state will be at a significant disadvantage in addressing COVID-19 learning loss, widening achievement gaps, and health and safety issues related to the pandemic. #FundAllKids
I'll explain my position... In school in times I was a pupil any passion for anything was a reason to bully you... And still even being an adult I feel shameful to say, that I have passion for anything... And it's really difficult for me to say "Yes, I love this thing"..
Thinking about that time this bogan girl bullied me throughout high school for no good fuckin reason and i couldnt stand up to her coz she would beat people + organise group bashings regularly so i begged my mum to move 40 minutes away lmao
this looks fucking ass cheeks ngl im finna bully you if you wear this shit at school
watching one of the bullies in school pretending to be nice to the geeks!
You A$$it is not the "China" virus! If you want to give it a nickname it is the TRUMP virus! If you dont want to call it that then stick to Coronavirus or COVID19! You are not a stupid bully in a school playground! You are a stupid so called adult in the White House GROW UP!
going from getting bullied as a child to being the bully, kpop stan high school is my villain origin story
I was bullied + outed for liking girls in middle school. A straight girl who once called me a friend spread the false rumor that I was a "predator" out to get her. I became disgusted w/ myself and spent most of high school lying to myself abt my orientation.
Unfortunately within in schools, I know I worked in education, children will bully other children, for being too fat, too thin, too tall, wearing glasses, having the wrong hair colour...... there is bullying in every school and that should be dealt with by the school and parents
I got bullied for having more guy friends than girls. People called me a slut and a whore. I thought girls in high school were catty and it looks like I was right.
I envy you, I've met plenty of people like that One of my high school bullies was so openly allowed to be that psychotic he tried to brag about beating me up and tormenting me every day *TO MY MOM'S FACE* ...she put him in a headlock, I wish I'd seen it
girls named madison in middle school after they bully the autistic kid
on my bday imma call out my bullies at school,,,,,
I was in high school some years back and it was trendy to be fat. I got bullied much because I was thin.Had a fat girl tell me at lunch everyday someone needed to shove food down my throat so I wouldn’t look anorexic,she was like 200+ lbs. I’ve noticed young girls are heavier now
them middle school bullies definitely got they karma
I still can’t believe solar actually got bullied in school...I just can’t believe it. How can you bully someone firsthand but also bully little sunshine??!
Hannah Brown from the Bachelorette looks like every girl at Hoover High School that bullied me 10 years ago lmaaaaao
So funny cause I’ve always ended up being good friends with the school bullies lol and I’m not sure why or how cause I’m so friendly! ... (I don’t need Mhleli replying to this tweet, thanks).
#Podcast We speak to CJ Scarlet. She is a danger expert and author, with millitary and #Grandmother experience. We talk about #bullying in #school and #online. She gives actionable steps that #parents can use to help their #kids deal with bullies.
Just found out the girl who bullied me in the 9th grade definitely peaked in high school
She's beautiful. My grand daughter was bullied mercilessly for the last two years of high school. I told her she was a 'A swan' and that come prom night it would be like Cinderella. AND IT WAS. Nobody recognized her. She stayed above it all. My heart breaks for these girls. xxx
Remember that hot girl who bullied you in high school? Now you cry in ecstasy when you imagine your pathetic pindick being crushed beneath My converse, reminded of how helpless and weak you felt, and cherishing every bit of the pain. •cbt snfet asiandomme findom finD•
Hi, it’s me! The girl who bullied you relentlessly in high school! So funny running into you in your DMs!! Anyways, I think you would be PERFECT for my pyramid scheme!
Schools can't force kids not to vape in school, not to do drugs in school, not to bully other students, can't convince them to do their schoolwork, wear school appropriate clothing...I work at a high school. Discipline is a constant, ongoing process.
Being a bigger girl, being Christian, having a black dad, having mixed siblings, not having my own car, being in A LOT of clubs in high school, for working instead of partying... i wasn’t really bullied in high school. But these were some things.
Daisy, I went to war (clearing up misconceptions & lies) on insta & YouTube over this girl last Nov &amp; Dec when she &amp; my ult group momoland were being bullied. &amp; I'd do it all again too. If Daisy said jump, I'll ask how high. We getting this bread when she's back next comeback!
The girl who bullied me freshman year of high school just sent me a friend request on Facebook
That's what "fight back against a bully and YOU get in trouble" policies at school have evidently been trying to teach us all along.
one of my ex bullies is actually really pretty now so if she wasn’t a bitch to me in middle school i’d probably have a crush on her mean ass bitch.
i would have the biggest crush on him and bully him at the same time if we went to the same school
This U.S.A. 'playground' is full of bullies. Since parents had a hands off approach in raising these young people, I believe the school system might be to blame.
Hey Luca :) In case you don’t already know, bullies usually have sad home lives &amp; take out their misery on other kids at school. You are clearly *very* loved. Join some local clubs &amp; make proper friends: it’ll boost your confidence. Change schools if it helps. This will pass
Someone just asked me how my high school experience was.. “I bet you were one of the mean girls” they said uhhhhh no I was the one that got bullied by the mean kids
“I did not get bullied in middle school for it to be a tik tok e-girl trend” so now your gonna double back and bully these kids the way you got bullied? what’s wrong with you
The five on Fox news are some of the low life is a piece of s*** people I've ever seen in my life FLOTUS must hate them cuz she's against bullies and I've never seen any bigger bullies in my life Jesse watters was either the biggest p**** or the biggest bully in his school
I was bullied by my own teacher until I fainted and had a fit in front of my classmates. Was told by the school nurse I could no longer take PE, because she was concerned about my mental health. Did they do anything about the bullies in my class or the teacher? Of course not.
You love your country like you love your kids - unconditionally. 1619 comes into your house, tears down the pictures on the fridge, and replaces them with social media screenshots about your kids from bullies and mean girls at school.
Gym Jordan needs to be thrown out. He's like the attention-seeking bully in school. They're already spinning.
He’s got me blocked but some home truths. He had a girlfriend throughout the whole of high school and didn’t have a single mate who was a fella. Also no quiet girl was bullied for being a lesbian so uno.
Amanda is a former shy fat girl from high school. She was bullied a lot in school. She reluctantly reunites twenty years later with her former best friend at their reunion. She claims her favorite snack is/was Zebra Cakes. Many people would say it is/was everything.
It is also unacceptable Cortez calls our president a racist. She “feigns the damsel in distress” when it suits her. She is the bully on the high school playground. A fake excuse for an American.
So they’re the high school bullies who get to beat people up but without getting in trouble?!?!
White women aren't the only ones who can weaponize tears, trust me. When a young girl in high school gets bullied and robbed by two males, and sees her tears instantly materialize an angry mob of males who rush to her rescue, that is power realized. And abused later. #SeenIt
You’re a little teenager with some serious self-esteem problems. I know for a fact you were a huge bully in school.
#MorningJoe #DisbarBarr Bill Roy Cohn Barr toady bully arrogant protector of #DictatorTrump. What's that story about his father hiring Epstein w NO Degree to teach at elite boys school? Keep Barr away from Ghislaine Maxwell.
High school was so weird to me. I got bullied almost all of 9th grade. In 10th grade some dude made up a rumor about me fucking him even tho in reality I told him no. And then girls I didn’t know trying to fight me to defend their “homeboys”. Like what??? Fuck Monroe tbh
My school district announced that school will start remotely I can now bully classmates online anonymously /j
Apparently the target demographic for Pac-Man was school bullies?
Chalky is the school bully
There it is! They don't care about bullying because they probably were bullies when they were in school. Now they get paid to bully everyone's children.
Also the piece of shit who used to bully me and date every girl I had interest in Hary Mitchell follows this account famous for fucking my mom as a dis back in high school. Like I've told you out they're all stupid mother fuckers
Still thinking about that time my elementary school bully made an anonymous insta to bully people then changed the username to make it her main insta thinking no one would put two and two together.. she forgot to delete all of her comments on mine and my friend’s posts
Imagine you graduate from St. Charles, MO. You end up on the bachelor. He goes to your hometown. You show him your high school football field and go to the kings highway quick trip and get drunk at Q night club with the girl that bullied you in pre-calculus. You get the rose.
Tall white girls get bullied just like everyone else does, but then high school is over and suddenly they're getting Victoria's Secret modeling gigs that present them as the epitome of beauty. The bullying doesn't stop for everyone. It just gets normalized.
I flunked out of high school PE because I wouldn't change my clothes. I felt uncomfortable changing in front of a bunch of bullies who would torment me constantly. I still participated in the class, just not in PE clothes. My PE instructors reaction to this was to fail me.
when i was in high school this girl bullied me so bad because i was gay and these past few months she came out as bisexual so with that being said, i believe all homophobic people are closeted members.
she look like she will bully me in secondary school de... "eh ra ah... i ask you something ah... why malay people all got hair on the hand ah and the armpit all black black?" followed by giggling from her and her little pals
If it makes you feel better I had pencil eraser sized mole by nose and was bullied up until freshman’s year of high school! I feel you girl
There’s something comical about seeing a picture of the girl who bullied you throughout high school and has even attempted to have you uninvited or make you feel uncomfortable at events with shared friends well into your 20s, wear a “be kind, do good” shirt
two girls who literally bullied me in high school are going to college to become therapists, i have to laugh
Sounds about right. I got bullied all through junior and some of high school, no one defended me and girls wouldn’t talk to me. That’s fine tho.
remember those girls from high school that bullied u and thought they were god’s gift to humanity? they’re dming u to join their pyramid scheme now. feel old yet?
Yes ( Put Down ) during high school I ask a girl out and would say "NO" right away Because From 1st - Jr. year of High School I was Bullied and if a girl had a Crush on me They would be Bullied Too . So now I'm just afraid of being said " No" when I ask out a girl
Baiting the police by protesting police brutality is some getting in trouble because you stood up to the school bully level of shit
This might be because I was never bullied in high school, but movies that show Popular Girls talking like this were all written by adult men who have never for one second related to a teenage girl in a meaningful way and this is a spot on impression of that exact thing
Elementary school fucking sucked for me for this. High school was surprisingly fine like other than one girl who bullied me (because I was "ugly") I was largely left alone
Time to go bully the main character in a Japanese high school.
Trust me I don’t go lookin for your tweets. It’s called a timeline, and things pop up. So when I see someone intentionally bullying I’m gonna say something. Haven’t you learned enough from the bully seminars in your school or are you not good at retaining info?
I find it funny that the girl who told me to kill myself in high school and constantly bullied me up until I moved away is now a psychology major AND makes posts on Facebook daily about checking in on your "sad friends" and how "depressed" she is... talk about a hypocrite goddamn
Lmao this is such a school bully pyramid scheme living room
Lol Dat all a d bully dem inna primary school use to say too.
ok then i revistes my old school's insta page and i. found my bullies , their friends, my stupid former friends, and the creepy teacher who was always trying to talk to me . middle school really was an unreal nightmare lolol
this girl who ruined my life and bullied me all throughout high school popped up on my TL and i just had the biggest anxiety attack of my life
1- Righteous anger is behind most successful social rights movements 2- Being angry at my bullies is how I survived high school because I didn't want to give them the satisfaction of me failing my last year because of their abuse. 3- Anger fuels millenials and zoomers basically
Look, another crybaby republicant. Don't see you railing against @TomCottonAR as he tries to bully schools from implementing 1619 by threatening to take federal funds. Oh, right. It's only censorship when OTHERS do it. #FraudTrump #ConsevativeHypocrisy
Oh.. bullies ( not literally) to the mere isme bhi but itne nai because kaafi darte the because I was a teacher's kid sab jaante the school me and sabse baaten gossip chalti thi. Basically Mera raaj tha scl me
Looks like Japanese twitter have bullied a high school girl into deleting her account because she made a post about how she got herself a car. The fuck is wrong with these people? She probably drives better than 95% of the people in Fukuoka and Saga combined!
Just curious. Girls with OnlyFans, do y’all ever think of how much your kids might get bullied. Back in high school I remember foos used to use their moms picture off Fb to roast. Now imagine...
I remember being 15 & presenting a powerpoint to my dad about the reasons why I didn't want to finish high school. I was struggling w/my sexuality,had a seizure in class &amp; was having to clap back on bullies. Thankfully I didn't dropout but the many powers of powerpoint #Thursday
Nah. Lilac was typically the kind of gal that Vanity would rape, bully and impregnate all the time. Vanity was barely able to love, so loving living onaholes was impossible to her But fucking them into submission would be enough for these sluts.
@CallMe_Montana The Shit I Was Explaining To Yo Dumb Ass In School .
his school bully got whacked :)
Private schools never chased learners out of the school yards but COSAS and SADTU chased them out of the schools so when president acceded to their demands we complaints why? was the call to close schools scientifically influenced? no that was a pure bully
What a bunch of grade school bullies!
Sydney hella robbed some girls sob story that she probably bullied in high school!
People refuse to be anti racist on social media but will dm every girl they bullied in high school to sell them shitty mascara
@JOYCE2theworld_ come visit me at school you snitch
All set with Kyle. Totally self serving and fake. Teddi is like the kid at school who sucks up to the bully so she doesn’t have to eat lunch alone.
girls on snapchat from high school be so quick to try to sell me their products like lmao weren’t u the one that bullied and talked shit ab everyone including me, keep ya shit sis
At all ! S/O to the girls who were bullied and slept on in high school. Y’all some bad bitches
anyways, fuck secondary school, especially my first 2 years were fucking hell. and my classmates, at least 60% of them were some of the most trashy people ever, unsympathetic, 0 empathy, borderline bullies. gross as FUCKKKK
when she's a stereotypical school bully mean girl bad girl hybrid with a hint of m^rderer...
MLK and RFK scared the rich. Imagine at school if all the prefects or head boys were suddenly not allowed to bully, haze, get off on and in the real world have to pay a fair wage to and insurance for while adhering to an agreed upon workplace environment? JFK and 9/11 were clear
As they watch you use children to blackmail (money for schools that re-open only) bully CDC into removing remote learning as the (scientifically) lowest risk type of school opening currently and lie about children's susceptibilty to infection, and, death.
SERIES BLITZ Arcadia High Anarchists @MaxHenryAuthor Genre: High School Bully Romance Cover Design: MaxHenry @GiveMeBooksPR
Try getting the bullies out the schools instead of pussy footing around them all
Sidney said she was bullied for being black then the white girls from her high school said she was lying&amp;SHE was the bully but she literally got racist DMs that triggered her high school trauma The white kids who say racist stuff in school always grow up to say it never happened
I was bullied from middle school well into high school as well because I was overweight. One day I’d finally had enough and started losing weight, for myself, not them. Now 120 pounds lighter, those who made fun of me wanna be my friends, and the girls that laughed were in my DMs
the girl who bullied me in high school to the point of mental trauma, her fiancé wears boot cut jeans with nike running sneakers. i won
So we discovered yesterday that this “injury” isn’t from a bully pushing at school, it was a lie for drama. Injuries from falling w/tears of skin heal quickly. Schools have been out for 6 months. QUIT LYING ab EVERYTHING!! The bumps are still there tonight @dinner. #stirthepot
I worked in 3 separate elementary schools. I would say 1 in 5 actually taught. I witnessed serious laziness by many. I also witnessed bullying of students by teachers. I witnessed teachers allowing students to bully other students. I witnessed teachers allow the bullying of
GOONIES + ARU SHAH To locate a magical cure that will save his dying father, 13-yr-old Sam goes to the land of Decapolis with his 2 bf’s. They’re hailed as heroes, returned from the past - which has its benefits. But then a 4th “hero” shows up - the school bully. #SFFpit #MG #F
One of the bullies from my high school is now a very successful injury claims lawyer, and he does a lot of charity work, including donations to the Philippines. I love that he takes his strong arm tactics to do good for people.
The school system makes it so that the very smart and exam capable, are given intellectual superiority and may bully others for being in lower sets.... .... This is very similar to how those who dislike/are bad at PE get bullied in PE
*praying I get an internship in a company as full of nerds and with as little high-school-bullies-turned-salespeople as possible*
i got to some big high up city where this little girl was getting bullied and then stopped
If we assume Ash's ability to heave an entire tree trunk over his head is a power, Yu-Gi-Oh easy. Pretty sure Joey/Jounichi and Tristan/Honda were high school bullies and I think the only two in the list who've been in a fight before.
That's the exact opposite of what I believe. I don't believe in emotional lying about swathes of people to bully and shame people out of working and having friendships with people you don't approve of over petty high school bullshit.
It sort of left him no choice when school districts started saying “we’re not willing to kill our students and staff for you, we’re virtual learning for the first semester”. He’s a bully, they stood up to him.
Hello I am a high school boy and I am very normal, I hang out with the football jocks and the cheerleaders, I bully the NERDS, and I have 3 girlfriends (don’t tell on me).
Why was is that the PE teacher was nearly always the biggest school bully ?
A whole school of bullies
My high school BFF is a girl I bullied for years through middle school and as I recall it came to a point where she poured a bottle of water on my head bc I was being a bitch and then befriended me right after and now I talk to her every single day 20 years later
“all nurses are bullies” lol yes if I do recall it was me being bullied all throughout high school and college by girls who are now in real estate or business but go off!!!!!
If I could get away with it, I can think of like three high school girls who bullied me that I would love personally give a lobotomy to. And that’s on holding grudges lol
why do they all look like the girls who bullied me in high school im triggered
Agreed. Also loooots of performative misogyny. I'll say it, we need more leftist girl podcasters who were bullied in high school.
Letting commies run the human rights council is like getting your high school bully to help you with your self esteem issues
At age 5 I learned how to get what I wanted to eat without making the effort to do so. Age 7 when I learned to master my sense of direction. Age 10 when I was able to talk my way out of a bullying and made my bullies cry and transfer to another school.
You haven’t seen the front line of ANY real conflict soyboy. You’re a joke, probably bullied in high school, but your parents told you that you were special, got to college, but no girls look at you, still playing Minecraft and eating hot pockets wanting to be relevant.
These are the girls that bullied the emo kids in high school
The Shock were awesome, you’ll get no argument from me there. Really digging what Laimbeer has done with the Aces, very old school bully ball.
been verbally bullied since elementary school and online when i was in high school. Since i am considered as plus girl and have a curly hair means in here i am not attractive. and i have tendency to bottled up my feels. Like introvert. Well fuck off
Always the whiny little victim. You’re like the school yard bully who gets his ass kicked and then goes home crying to mommy, that “the little boys were picking on me”! You’re a fraud!
Disgusting show by Joe Kelly. He is an school yard elementary school bully. No sportsmanship at all. I wonder how parent's explained his behavior to their young children watching
I used to like Joe Rogan until he verbally bashed pro wrestling which I'm a massive fan of on his podcast, even though there's alot of crossover between it and MMA. And now he's bashing video games too? You can just imagine this guy being a jock bully in high school. Twat.
I saw my primary school bully...he tried to smile at me... BITCH FK YOU ASSHOLE YOU CAN SUCK MY DICK LOL
every christian girl who bullied me in high school’s social media be like • 𝓂𝒶𝓉𝓉𝒽𝑒𝓌 𝟧:𝟪 • GCU girls support girls! Coffee addict ☆ #choosekindness ☆
The person who started rumours about APRIL Naeun being a school bully apologized and admitted that the rumours are false Source: https://entertain.naver.com/read?oid=382&amp;aid=0000841420 https://twitter.com/theseoulstory/status/1286175208911462400
1. I was targeted throughout high school because I was ugly, had pimples, and stunk. I was ridiculed by teachers because I was always zoned out in daydreams of being a boy (I was born a girl). My own mother bullied me. Struggles exist within life.
PAUSE i can’t believe i let them raggedy ass ghetto ass moth ball smelling ass ugly ass bitches bully me in middle school
I feel this way every time I see the popular girls from high school get 1k likes on the same outfit they bullied me for wearing.
Dear Accelerating into the Karening, You seem to be content and even happy I might say at the though of police with baton beating citizens that cannot use batons in response. You have an abuser mentality and frankly you might have been a bully in school. or at least a bully simp.
For shaving, around 7th or 8th grade. I remember getting viciously mocked for having "hairy legs" at a pool party by another girl, who bullied me to deflect attention off of herself. I didn't get a phone until high school (2006 - 2010, pre-smartphones / texting, so a flip phone).
why is hannah ann literally the girl who bullied me in high school #TheBachelorABC
In fact, teachers need to proactively mention medical self exemptions so other kids dont bully. #onted #tcdsb #oecta
when the girl who bullied me high school requested to follow me on facebook i was like:
i realised the only reason i had a mental breakdown after being bullied by racists in uni, in addition to being sick already, is because i didn't have the support of my high school friends who were all black girls
I also remembered in high school this really sweet &amp; pretty girl who always stuck her back out always got bullied - granted fashion choices were questionable (one time she wore a cardigan as a shirt with only one button on the top buttoned). Bitch had scolisis. Fuck you guys.
True. I was bullied until high school, those formative years and I swear I’m still that same girl inside. I think people are eating more because of depression and then the cycle grows. It’s changing the healthcare landscape.
I derive a weird amount of pleasure knowing the popular girls who bullied me in high school are all involved with MLMs.
Conservatives sound like the dumb bullies in school who go like, “well what do you want? Me to not beat the shit out of you and steal your money?” “...yes?” “...well...”
Bill, your tweets sound like a school age bully, come on man, criticizing someone's looks? And you call yourself a "media professional" ?
YEAH LIKE... ITS THE MOST ASSHOLE-ISH THINGS ABT EVERYONE.... DO THEY RLY ONLY KNOW MIDDLE SCHOOL BULLIES
the girl that bullied me rlly bad in high school lives 1 door down from me and has been clapping every thursday but like 10 of her friends came round for a party yesterday and her bf comes almost everyday???? ma’am...
So the high school bullies get to be famous........
stop using twitter to carry out your high school bully dream
i bet my mom was a high school bully
Lol to all the girls who bullied me in high school. No I don’t want to buy your wraps hoe kick rocks
#WhyIDontLikeTrump ... everything. He's like that bully in school that got in everyone's face and was stupid as hell.
Well, bless your heart, T. I’m no fan, but when I see drumpf, tRump, Orange Man, and other derisive nicknames, I’m reminded of insecure elementary school yard bullies who have morphed into fatuous adults. Also, sadly, the meme is truly piteous.
Agreed. Little Teddy Cruz was probably one of those kids in school who craved acceptance from the bullies....and would jone on their own friends for it. Sad.
There’s a difference between armed police and a bunch of playground bullies, what makes you think those two are even remotely comparable?? You’re still using a school shooter as leverage for your agenda which is still, incredibly gross.
I feel like most of the girls who bullied me didn't actually do anything after high school
Guys there’s a girl who is going around harassing people and she cane up to me when dressing up and she bullied me and called me a h* and shouldn’t be playing royal high if she’s gonna just be harassing people ...@nightbarbie @OceanOrbsRBX @launcelot92
Yoho is a bully who should resign. If he can't respect a woman out in public, he's irrational. He hates her and his words are a hate crime. He disagrees with her politics and likely also with her being Latina. He's the old school that wants to preserve oppression. F him.
Bruh my life thru 5-18 was up and down bullying lmao mfs really came for me. I got bullied in Sunday school bro a girl pushed me over when they made fun of my extremely high fashion puffer coat told me to move. Sunday school bullying. Y’all are wrong asf for it smh.
//Patches when she was a teenager became unhinged from all the bullying she took at school and the abuse at home by her father and his partner. She got worse after getting away with murdering the partner as she started to abuse her bullies and make them suffer as she did. +
Trump wants to know why Fauci is 'more popular' than he is - Trump childishly complains that Fauci has "higher ratings" than he does.Really, Trump? Trump is a petulant, insecure school yard bully w the mentality of a 12 year old. @realDonaldTrump
sure, girl that bullied me in high school, i would love to like your business page on facebook! get fucked
emo skater bf jisung going home to you so you can patch him up after fighting the bullies at school
my school bullies following me here like they didnt just make fun of me less than a year ago&lt;3
if i saw this type of person in school i would bully them too
BULLIES, THESE ARE HIGH SCHOOL FUCKING BuLLiES
This is a thread of adults acting like eighth grade school children. And not most of the school children, but that select group of name calling bullies who don't do well in school, and try to shine this way. It's really sad that the internet gives space for this to develop
school shooters are like reverse bullies, because they’ve been bullied, they will take it out on every single person just to feel better
sounds like high school bullies never i want to see that
Yes nau first in FORMING naught boy everybody respect me for primary school, I turn myself to Time Prefect nobody fit sound pimp. When I reach Secondary school I was also the First in Coded Naughty Boy because na Private school and Dem dey strict pa. But I wasn't a BULLY OO....
To little to late. You are the asshole bully that threatened to take $$away from the schools if they didn't open Trump asks Congress to give $105 billion to schools as part of the next relief bill https://cnn.it/3jCepAk
I think there was a follow up from his side. Turned out the cook was a bully of his from high school, also the guy had a special relationship with breakfast food thanks to childhood trauma. I don’t think we have any resolution tho
Throughout high school I kinda got bullied by girls because 1. I didn’t dress like one 2. I was in discovery mode about my identity and my sexuality and my hair was in a pixie cut 3. I refused to wear anything to show off feminine features of myself
No. Most of the people around me haven’t hit puberty yet, so they aren’t tall enough to bully me, plus I’m still in middle school. I’ll probably get picked on in high school tho.
TELL US ABOUT YOURSELF 1. riz 2. taken 3. home by cavetown 4. 4,848 5. shapchat 6. b 7. school 8. filipino 9. 4 10. 7 11. bullies 12. 2017? 13. music 14. I LOVE THEM SO MUHC DROP AN EMOJI I'LL SEND YOU THE QUESTIONS
They teach 5 year olds in school not to call names and bully people. You should be a role model. Instead you’re a disgrace. What’s wrong with you ?
Ask and you shall receive. Prep school classmate recalls Barr as a vicious bully and very anti anti war in college (Bonus fact: when Barr’s dad was headmaster at prep school, there was a pay-for-recommendations scandal. He also hired Jeffrey Epstein...) http://daughternumberthree.blogspot.com/2020/02/the-young-bill-barr.html
So what's with the hatred over Alexa Bliss? Other than the fact that she looks like the girl that always bullied then in high school?
Ah, my school bullies have all joined to try to seduce me BUT LITTLE DO THEY KNOW I TOO AM INTO BITCHES AND I WILL MAKE ALL OF THEM TAKE MY STRAP BIG TIDDIE GOTH GIRL STYLE!!
This is also in keeping with his more general approach - he is an uncompromising bully on a lot of things (ie unions, the media, municipalities, school boards, etc) but has never been willing to pick a fight with the federal government (see the 2016 health funding "deal")
Someone created an MLM for masks and now we might finally get white women who were bullies in high school on board with pandemic mitigation #WearAMask
I’m a white woman. Privilege. Even my ‘non privilege’ is what research calls a ‘concealable stigma’-being Jewish. Tho’ it doesn’t feel that way when you’re cornered by a bully in a bathroom in high school. But still white privilege.
one girl in my friend group used 2 bully one of our other friends back in high school so much n now that we all reconnected as adults they're bffs with matching tattoos but girl i could NEVER befriend someone who bullied me that bad.. that must be another level of maturity
One of those guys at High School, bullied the girls because they wouldn't smile at him. I remember them all so much - hall monitors &amp; assholes as grown ups
nO OffEnSe but the girl who bullied me from elementary to middle to high school for absolutely no fucking reason could’ve easily been my friend but instead decided i wasn’t cool enough fuck u
girls who bullied me in high school are romances now and im gay
Thinking of you Luca. I hope you can work with your dad and the school to stop these bullies.
I’m sure some of them are bullies that peaked in high school. After all, who better to give a gun and a badge to than someone who has a history of using their size/authority to intimidate/control people weaker than them?
Girl bully’s as well. I’ve 2 sons that were bullied in Jr High. Both were bullied by girls. My older was bullied because he had 4ft long brown hair and a baby face. Younger was bullied cuz he hung around the nerd crowd and was an easy target. I know what u mean though! Peace
Just remembered when a person use to “bully” me, flip me off and call me names when I walked home from school, but hah, I got accepted into university and you’re stuck on SA and sell drugs. I won bitch
This reminds me of a Kdrama: Angry Mom. Where a bunch of high school students bully a girl to committing s*icide but survived and the girl's mother decided to disguise as a student and went to the school to investigate and get revenge on who bullied her daughter
Yoonmin au where Jimin is a palm reader. He had the power to predict someone's future just by reading the lines on their palms. He was known in his high school for that ability. But that was when Min Yoongi, his elementary school bully approached him to get his palms read. +
Girls that bullied everyone in high school but now hang round bus station being the local crackheads
The only reason i didn't get bullied for these things towards the end of high school is because i managed to become friends with the most popular girl at school. Then suddenly all the other kids started trying to get into what me and my handful of friends were into.
Sir, everyone deserves the credits and benefits of not just their hard work but also the GOOD LUCK. BOLLYWOOD is no one's private property to make a gang and bully others or spoil their career. This is life, n life is not a school or college campus. People succeed, fail, die here
I was the ugly duckling most of my life. I remember when I got held back in 3rd grad because I wasn't mature enough to be graduate at age 18- a couple of boys called me ”gorilla girl” because of my looks or I have autism. Even middle &amp; high school, other kids bullied me as well
Make fun of? He is a full fledged BULLY. That's not even allowed in elementary schools #TrumpleThinSkin
I had 9 schools from the age of 4 till 11 so I was always the new kid. Easy target for bullies(they thoughttt lol) but because I always had to stick up for myself, I’m not shy at all. I had to introduce myself over and over again as a kid. Also I had hands and a big mouth.
'Far left bully boys' This from the underprivileged, working-class, anti-grammar school campaigner who, whoops, it turns out wasn't any of those things. But it got her a Westminster seat, eh? Don't think I'll be accepting her view on the political opinions of others, though
when I see the girls who bullied me in high school doing the exact same shit they would’ve bullied me for doing
if you ever wanna feel bad about yourself or feel bullied &amp; feel like your back in high school with mean girls just go to your local tanning salon (,:
y’all remember when people used to bully people for wearing glasses, but then outta nowhere in middle school everyone thought they needed em cause they were cute ? yea i aint forget those wack ass 3D glasses
I also ain’t forget when any white boy even thought of looking at a black girl at my high school their friends would call them Nigg*r lover and wouldn’t date them out of fear of not being accepted or if the did would get bullied for it..
Saw a gay kid beat the hell out his bully in high school. Lol
As someone who was bullied in high school for being tall &amp; modelesque (not for my abrasive personality), I'm looking forward to the 50ft Tall Girl movie.
You're talking about someone who was sent to a military school for bullies aka juvie, paid others to take his tests and write his papers -- SOOOOO, he can't give a crap
good to see a girl that bullied me in high school while I was suicidal is making a global pandemic and humans right revolution about her not being able to see her mom :)
And a school yard bully.
There’s this toddler I know that doesn’t look like a toddler she looks like a girl in high school that bullied someone into being bulimic.
i was the girl who told one (1) friend about my minecraft youtube channel in middle school, and kids in my class bullied me for it until i graduated high school!! bro teenagers are ruthless, how do they have the energy??
Shoutout to all the girls who bullied me in middle and high school.
I Luca I know how you feel. At my last school sports age 15, I was told I would be beaten up if I didnt let the bullies, beat me in 400m final. I ran the race of my life, ran them into the ground. I broke the school record and mine stood for 23 years. Be strong and win.
these are definitely the girls that bullied me in high school
I hate that I love Taylor Swifts new album is it possible that her fan base has ACTUALLY progressed from the mean high school bullies that became nurses?!
Summary: high school student Tatara Fujita wants to be good at something - anything. Unfortunately, he's about as average as a slouchy teen can be. The local bullies know this, and make it a habit to get cash from him, but all that changes when the debonair Kaname Sengoku... 4/14
Why is @jamescharles acting Like a middle school bully after getting called out for his queer baiting nonsense? There's a reason most your fans are 13 year olds, time to grow up.
Name something in honour of a bad person & that person's deeds are validated. The exception to this is when the item, practice or event being named is so odious that the person's comprehensively lampooned & exposed. . One of my novels has a school bully named Jahwey
In high school, a girl who was closest me was stressful. Whatever I said, she evaluated it like 'hey why u thought u can say it in front of me? I'm pissed.' I just keep my mouth shut because she was the only person who talked to me at the time. I was bullied
This is for the girls that bully me at school just for nothing when I did noting to then so like yah Those bitchies need to back off
making it my personal mission to pull out every mean girl tactic i have learned from middle school till now to bully and absolutely obliterate the self esteem of the congressmen who harassed AOC
Same for me. I work at domino's and I'm proud of it. But I can't tell it at school cause then I'd be really surprised if no-one is going to bully me even more. It is so underrated because they people are so much nicer than the people at stores like lidl.!!
Don’t forget the $500 down payment to be bullied by girls who weren’t shit in high school.
Dolls Kill is just fashionnova for girls who got bullied in high school
tRump has turned our gov into a high school. Grown ass men &amp; women afraid to hold to their oaths, OATHS Y'ALL, bc a mean girl is gonna tweet abt them. Even the Senate knows Be Best is just BS bc they're accepting being bullied. This is crazy.
I KNOW GODD he protects the kids from the older bullies (hangs them by their stinky underwear from the trees in the school backhard) and takes them on fun field trips and makes picnic treats for them TwT
Funnily enough not the actual work itself but the oppressive environment. Working for a highly respected award winning local housing charity. A psychopathic bully boss who’d made 3 previous employees ill. Cleaning school toilets? Heaven by contrast.
Mfs will go outta their way to click send on the FB friend request but act like you used to bully them in high school when you see th- Wait
i swear he made out he was bullied at school in his music video ‘champion’ but turns out he was the bully.
Truth? Truth is not subjective. Nor is science. Unlike your vulgar abusive language. I bet Jesus is so proud of you for "owning a lib" . Ppl are dying as a result of misinformation. And your "truth" is name calling like a school yard bully.
Had a dream (nightmare?) about these two girls who bullied me high school. 15 years ago . Wtf brain.
I ran into the school bully Jeon Jungkook he looked me up and down before his best friend Kim Taehyung walks by "ayo arent we going to Jackson's party gay bitch?" I gasped Jeon Jungkook is gay?
Those types of girls that’ll bully you in school cause you’re an outcast and different I hope you rot
Been in this hobby & fight for 4 decades & I refuse to yield the field. My first group =2 girls &amp; 2 boys; we were mocked. In high school our group was largely Queer with mixed genders &amp; 1 of two Black kids @school, we were bullied until I flattened a pair of bullies. I'm All In.
In elementary school it was the black girls who picked on me and bullied me. In middle school it was the black girls who made fun of me because I was smart. The white girls cheered me on. In high school it was the black boys who made my self esteem drop. 1/
It's different when CHILDREN are bullied by other kids. Adults s/b able to take it as well as dish it out. Michelle FORCED school kids to eat sprouts and beans whether high school linebackers or girls in the Chess Club. Of course it ended up in the trash; tacos &amp; pizza reappeared
School yard bully fight! Lol chmaev is a monster
You can’t blame them. I mean, given the numbers. The USA is like the school yard bully rolling in the dirt while everyone looks on and thinks “he’s gonna be late for class”.
I remembered how I got bullied for reading back in elementary school lol. Middle school and high school? My looks. One look at me and some random girl would yell "Ew he's ugly" lmao
What was school hockey but an excuse for bullies to hit people with sticks? And any throwing game was throw things really hard at the victim or make sure they never got a chance with the ball F*ck PE
Wedding vows of the girl who bullied you in high school...
I, too, was bullied for my childhood obesity. Vindication came the day I walked into a luncheonette with several colleagues from the magazine I edited, and our waitress was one of the bitchy popular girls who tormented me in high school. I gave her a condescendingly large tip.
Abolish the police because the correct response when a concerned citizens calls because a black man is walking with a mask on is to point out that such behavior isn’t a crime, not send out the no. 1 employer of high school bullies.
Spite boiled over and my anger fuelled some incredible violence against a secondary school bully of mine. I headbutted him and caused a nosebleed &amp; got decked in the jaw &amp; lost a tooth in return. But he left me well alone so it’s a victory.
I was bullied for not having a gf throughout my high school years. Even got called gay and what not. Joke was on them when I showed up to my senior prom with a college girl!
This girl really tried to say I bullied her in high school when in reality she sent my boyfriend at the time naked pictures. BYEEEEEE
a bully at school who has been messing with me since 3rd grade &lt;3
I remember I wrote an entire song in 6th grade called ‘Bow Down’ about my disdain for the popular girls who bullied me for wearing things that weren’t Hollister and Abercrombie. God. Well one of those girls I bit in high school so. That’s payback I guess
I was not the Prom Queen. I was the bullied girl. For them, I was a black sheep. I was “too different” to be accepted. High School has been tough years, but it has built the woman I am today. But I knew deep down that best years were yet to come. #Prom2008 #12yrsago
Everyone tryin to be a “cute alt girl” like they didn’t bully us through middle and high school
